Waugh's way to dominant dozen

 Australia have beaten the world record for consecutive Test wins. Relive all 12 match reports from Harare in October 1999 to the latest victory in Perth.
One: 17 October 1999, Harare
The run begins 14 months ago in Harare, with Australia's first Test match in Zimbabwe.
The hosts are beaten by 10 wickets after losing their last eight wickets for 32 runs to a team effort by the Aussie bowlers.
Glenn McGrath, Colin Miller and Shane Warne pick up three wickets each to leave the batsmen needing to score just five runs for victory.
Click here  for match report.
Two: 9 November 1999, Brisbane
Another 10-wicket win, this time on home soil in the first of three Tests over the Pakistani tourists.
Three wickets in seven balls from Damien Fleming paves the way for skipper Steve Waugh's first home victory.
The captain is delighted, because he can make an early exit to be at the birth of his second child. 
Click here  for match report.
Three: 22 November 1999, Hobart
An unlikely four wicket win over Pakistan seals the series with one match to spare.
In all the matches this was the one where the Aussies came closest to defeat and they were 126 for five, with almost 250 runs still needed for victory.
Adam Gilchrist's unbeaten 149 and Justin Langer's 127 make victory possible.
The total of 369 for six is the third highest fourth-innings score to win a Test in history.
Click here  for match report.
Four: 28 November 1999, Perth
The Pakistanis' resistance is ended after the heartbreak of Hobart, and they succumb to an innings defeat in the final match of the series.
Glenn McGrath and Michael Kasprowicz take seven wickets each in the match.
Justin Langer becomes Man of the Series with 391 runs at an avarage of 97.05 in the three Tests.
Click here  for match report.
Five: 14 December, 1999, Adelaide
India are the next visitors from the sub-continent to land on Australian shores but the result is the same.
The first Test of another three-match series starts with a home win by 285 runs
The depth of talent on offer to the Aussies is demonstrated as Damien Fleming proves the matchwinner.
But he agonisingly misses a hat-trick thanks to Shane Warne's dropped catch.
Click here  for match report.
Six: 30 December 1999, Melbourne
A happy Christmas for the Aussies at Melbourne, where the team had lost to England 12 months previously.
This time the margin of victory is 180 runs, although India's Sachin Tendulkar was Man of the Match with 116 and 52.
Halfway through the world record run, the records are beginning to tumble and this is the first time an Australian side has won six in a row for 79 years.
"If someone's going to beat us they're going to have to play very well," says skipper Steve Waugh as a new century begins.
Click here  for match report.
Seven: 4 January 2000, Sydney
With another series already wrapped up, the Aussies repeat their third Test effort over Pakistan six weeks earlier.
Another innings win sees India fall 141 short the Aussies' total, with four Indian wickets falling for every Aussie dismissal.
The hosts' 552 for five declared includes a double hundred by Justin Langer, who is proving himself as the player of the Australia summer.
India manage 150 and 261 in two completed innings, with Glenn McGrath taking 10 wickets.
Click here  for match report.
Eight: 15 March 2000, Auckland
The Australian tour to New Zealand has already seen the tourists set a new world record of 13 consecutive one-day wins when they win the first Test by 62 runs. 
Shane Warne is the star, becoming Australia's greatest wicket-taker and sealing victory into the bargain.
Paul Wiseman is the leg-spinner's victim as he passes the previous mark set by Dennis Lillee.
Click here  for match report.
Nine: 27 March 2000, Wellington
Steve Waugh's team set a new Australian record for Test wins with a six-wicket victory to win another three-match series with one to play.
Kiwi all-rounder Chris Cairns makes 109 and 69, and takes 3-110 in Australia's first innings. 
But Michael Slater is named Man of the Match with 143 in the first innings. 
Click here  for match report.
Ten: 3 April 2000, Hamilton
Another six-wicket victory completes a hat-trick of 3-0 whitewashes and puts the Aussies on target for the all-time West Indian record.
Justin Langer's seventh Test century is a major factor in their 10th consecutive triumph. 
But for once, a wicket-keeper takes a Man of the Match award, with Adam Gilchrist adding ten dismissals to a first-innings 75.
The Aussies must now wait until November when the West Indian tourists will defend their predecessors 11-game winning run of the 1980s.
 Click here  for match report.
Eleven: 25 November 2000, Brisbane
After their seven-month break from Test cricket, there is little sign of rustiness as the status of West Indian takes another battering.
The Australians win by an innings and 126 runs inside three days to equal the Windies' own world record. 
Glenn McGrath is the match-winner yet again, with stunning match figures of 10 for 27 as the West Indies crumble to totals of 82 and 124.
Click here for match report.
Twelve: 3 December 2000, Perth
History is made as the West Indies' challenge collapses in Western Australia.
The second Test follows a similar pattern to the first, although the Windies do manage 196 in the first innings.
Mark Waugh's hundred helps pile the pressure on the tourists, and the home side seal a second successive three-day win.
Click here  for match report.
