Super Lennox stops Rahman

 By BBC Sport Online's Sanjeev Shetty in Las Vegas
Lennox Lewis produced the performance of his career to regain the heavyweight championship of the world with a fourth round knockout of Hasim Rahman.
The British boxer capped a magnificent display with a thundering right hook that sent Rahman crashing to the floor in the fourth round.
The American tried to get to his feet but collapsed to the canvas again, and Lewis duly regained the belts he lost to Rahman in April.
He is 'Has-been' Rahman now - his fifteen minutes of fame have gone  Lennox Lewis 	
Lewis, once more the World Boxing Council and International Boxing Federation champion, is now a three-time champion, emulating the feat of Muhammad Ali and Evander Holyfield.
His response to victory was to put his hands by his side in a posture that suggested the world should never had doubted him.
Rahman had knocked out Lewis in five rounds in South Africa, ironically with a stunning right hand of his own.
    Lewis celebrates victory with his mother Violet    
All the evidence then pointed to Lewis underestimating his man, with his weight high and his stamina poor in the altitude of Johannesburg.
This time, the 36-year-old Lewis looked fit and healthy, his eyes filled with purpose.
With a list of celebrities that included Serena Williams, Meg Ryan, Sydney Poitier, Arnold Schwarznegger and Ian Wright, the two men were the focus of the world.
 After Beverley Knight and Jewel delivered the national anthems with typical gusto, the two boxers came to the ring amid deafening noise.
&nbsp;Career records after Lewis victoryLennox Lewis W39 (KO30) L2 D1Hasim Rahman W35 (KO29) L3

Rahman, in coloured 'stars and stripes' shorts, looked impassively at Lewis during the referee's instructions.
Despite the bad intentions in the air, the first round was essentially a battle of the jabs, with neither establishing any dominance.
The second round saw Lewis take some semblance of control, with the jabs followed by the occasional combination although Rahman did not appear fazed.
The trend followed in the next round, as Lewis' ability to move around the ring and control the pace of the fight forced Rahman onto the back foot for the first time.
Stunning conclusion
At times, those first three rounds seemed like a sparring session, with the arena anticipating action befitting the bad feeling between the two men.
That sense of expectation was more than met by the stunning nature of the conclusion.
Rahman's heavy fall also meant that referee Joe Cortez, officiating in his 145th world title fight, had one of his easier nights.
Defeat was a third career loss for 'The Rock' against 35 wins and 29 knockouts and he was taken to hospital as a precaution after the fight.
Lewis, whose record now stands at 39 wins, two losses and one draw, scored the 30th knockout of his career and now wants to meet Tyson.
Whether Tyson wants to fight Lewis in this sort of form is another matter.
