Young Aussies on top of the world

 U19 World Cup final, Bert Sutcliffe Oval, Lincoln: Australia 209-3 (45.1 overs) beat South Africa 206-9 (50 overs) by seven wickets.
Click here for scorecard
Australia justified their pre-tournament favouritism as Jarrad Burke's unbeaten 100 helped them lift the Under-19 trophy for the fourth time.
The left-handed opener saw them home with an edged four off Brendon Reddy, which also took him to three figures.
South Africa failed to make the most of an excellent batting wicket despite half centuries by Greg Smith and Zwelibani Homani.
They slumped to 103 for six as medium pacer Aaron Bird took four for 47 and although Homani led a tail-end fightback, their total was not enough to seriously challenge Australia's strong batting line-up.
"We decided before the tournament that we would give it a fair crack and, if we could do that, there was every chance we would win," said Australian skipper Cameron White, who finished as the leading run-scorer in the tournament with 423.
Double setback
    Bird dismisses Brendon Kopps    Having won the toss and chosen to bat first, South Africa were soon on the back foot as Chad Baxter and Stephen Cook fell cheaply, both bowled by Bird.
Hashim Amla made 29, but the middle order failed and when Smith was caught behind off spinner Xavier Doherty for 51, made from 90 balls, they were in danger of total collapse.
Homani and Reddy halted the slide with an eight wicket stand of 42, the best partnership of the innings, before Reddy was caught off Bird for 16.
Bird removed Brendon Kopps to claim his fourth wicket but Homani went on to reach 52 not out from 76 balls, including three fours, with last man Ian Postman making an unbeaten 13 as they took the total past 200.
South African hopes of denting Australia's confidence with early wickets soon faded as Burke and Craig Simmons launched the reply by putting on 74 in 16 overs.
Smooth progress
    Burke was mobbed at the end of the game    The breakthrough eventually came when Simmons was bowled by Kopps for 34, but Australia's progress was inexorable as Shaun Marsh weighed in with 35 before being run out with the score on 140.
White hit a six and two fours in making 22 off 31 balls before he was bowled by Ryan McLaren with his side just 13 runs short of victory.
It proved to be South Africa's last success as Burke and George Bailey guided Australia home with 4.5 overs to spare.
Burke, from New South Wales, faced 130 balls and struck 11 fours during his three-hour innings, but teammate Bird was named Man of the Match.
"It was a beautiful batting strip, but we backed ourselves to defend anything over 220 on it. We didn't put the goods together," said South African skipper Amla.

Australia: J Burke, C Simmons, S Marsh, C White (capt), G Bailey, M Cosgrove, A Crosthwaite, X Doherty, B Casson, A Bird, R Cassell.
South Africa: G Smith, C Baxter, S Cook, H Amla, D Jacobs, R Bailey, R McLaren, Z Homani, B Reddy, B Kopps, I Postman.
