Black Caps win final

   Triangular series final, Dambulla: New Zealand 200-6 (45.2 overs) beat Pakistan 198 (50 overs) by 4 wickets     
    New Zealand lifted their first one-day trophy for three years despite making heavy weather of their run chase at the Rangiri Stadium.  
 They were cruising along at 151-2 in the 35th over but the dismissal of skipper Stephen Fleming (65) and Scott Styris (22) with successive balls revitalised Pakistan. 
 Paceman Mohammad Sami took 3-42, but it was not enough as Brendon McCullum, who had earlier taken four catches, hit a full toss to the mid-wicket boundary to seal victory. 
 In a low-scoring tournament, Pakistan posted a competitive total thanks to Younis Khan's 70 not out. 
 He hit seven fours in his 85-ball innings after captain Rashid Latif had gambled by opting to bat first when he won the toss. 
 It was a surprise decision by Latif because in the previous six qualifying games, the toss winning captain had inserted the opposition because of the seamer-friendly pitches. 
             
 New Zealand enjoyed early success as Darrell Tuffey had Mohammed Hafeez caught behind for nought with the fourth delivery of the game. 
   
 Pakistan were reduced to 39-3 and the slide continued when Yousuf Youhana was unluckily run out for 25 after Scott Styris deflected a Younis drive onto the stumps at the bowler's end. 
 Younis and Shoaib Malik managed to steady the innings with a stand of 57 in 12 overs and Letif weighed in with 20 before the last three wickets went down for four runs. 
 Darrell Tuffey dismissed Danish Kaneria with the final ball of the innings to finish with 3-32, and Jacob Oram claimed 3-38. 
 New Zealand were given the ideal start by Fleming and Chris Nevin, who put on 54 in 11 overs before the latter was caught off Sami for 17. 
 Lou Vincent was next to go, run out for 13 after sharing a stand of 59 with his captain. 
 It was Sami's dismissal of Fleming, who hit three sixes and five fours, and Styris which brought about a sudden attack of nerves. 
 Jacob Oram (12) and Chris Cairns (18) threw their wickets away going for big hits, but McCullum kept his composure to secure his side first one-day title since the 2000 ICC Knockout event in Kenya. 
 
 
  Pakistan:  Rashid Latif (captain), Mohammad Hafeez, Faisal Athar, Yasir Hameed, Yousuf Youhana, Younis Khan, Shoaib Malik, Abdur Razzaq, Mohammad Sami, Shabbir Ahmed, Danish Kaneria 
  New Zealand:  Stephen Fleming (captain), Chris Nevin, Lou Vincent, Scott Styris, Chris Cairns, Jacob Oram, Chris Harris, Brendon McCullum, Kyle Mills, Daniel Vettori, Daryl Tuffey 
  Umpires:  Daryl Harper (Australia) and Asoka de Silva (Sri Lanka). Third umpire: Gamini Silva (Sri Lanka) 
  Match referee:  G.R. Viswanath (India) 
  