Surrey lift Twenty20 Cup

   Twenty20 Cup final, Trent Bridge: Surrey 117-1 (10.5 overs) beat Warwickshire 115 all out (18.1 overs) by nine wickets    
           Surrey comprehensively outplayed Warwickshire in the final         
  Surrey added yet another cup to their bulging trophy cabinet with an emphatic nine-wicket victory over Warwickshire.  
 James Ormond laid the foundations with a superb display of seam bowling, claiming figures of 4-11. 
 And the Lions wrapped up proceedings thanks to a devastating opening partnership of 100 from openers Ali Brown and Ian Ward from only 57 balls. 
 Warwickshire captain Nick Knight's decision to bat first immediately backfired when Surrey openers Ormond and Azhar Mahmood used the evening conditions to their advantage. 
 Both men extracted unexpected seam and bounce from the wicket which the Warwickshire batsmen struggled to contend with. 
 Neil Carter was Ormond's first victim, playing onto his stumps for eight. 
 And he then claimed the crucial wicket of Knight, who missed a straight ball for eight. 
          We signed Jimmy because we thought he was a match-winner and he's beeneverything we hoped      Adam Hollioake          
 Azhar soon accounted for Ian Bell and Jim Troughton became Ormond's third victim, edging to Ali Brown at slip. 
 He claimed his fourth dismissal when Dougie Brown was caught behind for a duck, leaving Warwickshire reeling at 33-5. 
 Although Trevor Penney and Tony Frost attempted to repair the early damage, Adam Hollioake removed Penney (33 from 21 balls) with a yorker. 
 And the Surrey captain claimed his 16th wicket in the tournament when he yorked Graham Wagg for five. 
 Collins Obuya brought the Warwickshire 100 up with a six off Saqlain Mushtaq as he and Frost tried to push for a respectable total. 
 But as the pressure mounted, both men were caught in the deep going for big hits off Saqlain. 
   
 And Warwickshire finally ended their innings when Waqar Younis ran Neil Smith out for one, with 11 balls still remaining. 
 Surrey began their innings in the best possible fashion when Ian Ward hit four successive boundaries off Carter in the first over. 
 Both he and Ali Brown continued their dominance, dispatching the Bears bowlers to all parts of the ground. 
 Ward eventually fell when he top-edged a short Wagg delivery to mid-off for 50 off only 28 balls in the 10th over. 
 But Brown (55 from 34 deliveries) kept smashing the boundaries and saw the Lions home along with Mark Ramprakash, who hit the winning runs off Knight's part-time bowling. 
 
  Surrey:  I J Ward, A D Brown, R Clarke, A J Hollioake (Capt), G P Thorpe, M R Ramprakash, Azhar Mahmood, J N Batty (Wkt), Saqlain Mushtaq, I D K Salisbury, J Ormond 
  Warwickshire:  N M Carter, N V Knight (Capt), T Frost (Wkt), I R Bell, J O Troughton, T L Penney, D R Brown, G G Wagg, C O Obuya, N M K Smith, Waqar Younis.  