Sussex win title

           It is the biggest day of my cricket career      Skipper Chris Adams           County Championship D1, Hove, day two of four (stumps): Leicestershire 179 & 38-2 v Sussex 614-4 dec.     
  Record-breaking Murray Goodwin fired Sussex to their first ever county championship title on day two at Hove.  
 Sussex wrapped up the title after lunch when they passed 300, gaining the vital third batting point that means they cannot be caught by nearest pursuers Lancashire. 
 Goodwin, who hit the title-sealing boundary, celebrated in style to finish on 335 not out - the highest ever by a Sussex batsman. 
 It was his second century in two matches and fifth of the year, taking his seasonal aggregate to 1,496 runs. 
           Sussex deserve their triumph because they remembered that, to win the Championship, you must have match-winning bowlers    From Rob Ward       
 The former Zimbabwe Test player stroked an amazing 52 fours and one six in his 390-ball innings, surpassing the 333 KS Duleepsinhji scored in 1930. 
 Goodwin put on 267 runs for the third wicket with skipper Chris Adams, who made 102 before George Walker struck. 
 The visitors used nine bowlers in an effort to peg Sussex back, but they could only take three wickets on the day before the declaration came. 
          It is fantastic to be here, having won the championship - just phenomenal      Murray Goodwin        
 And the newly crowned champions looked destined to win the game after Jon Maunders and Jeremy Snape just before stumps to leave Leicestershire a whopping 397 runs behind. 
 The match heralded a personal milestone for leg-spinner Mushtaq Ahmed, who became the first centurion wicket-taker in a championship season since Andy Caddick and Courtney Walsh in 1998. 
               
 Durham, Gloucestershire, Northamptonshire and Somerset are now the only counties without a title success to their name. 
 
  Sussex:  R R Montgomerie, M W Goodwin, P A Cottey, C J Adams (Capt)T R Ambrose, R S C Martin-Jenkins, M J Prior, M J G DavisMushtaq Ahmed, J D Lewry, B V Taylor. 
  Leicestershire:  J K Maunders, D L Maddy, B J Hodge, J L SadlerL J Wright, P A Nixon, G W Walker, P A J DeFreitas (Capt)J N Snape, V C Drakes, D D Masters. 
  Umpires:  T E Jesty, M J Kitchen.  