Gloucs lift C&G Trophy

   C&G Trophy final, Lord's: Gloucestershire 150-3 beat Worcestershire 149 all out by seven wickets    
  Gloucestershire clinched their sixth one-day crown in five years with an emphatic seven-wicket C&G Trophy final victory over Worcestershire.  
 After bowling their Cotswolds rivals out for 149 - the fourth-lowest total in a Trophy final - the victors of 1999 and 2000 blazed home in the fastest ever time with a massive 29.3 overs to spare. 
 Promoted up the order after Craig Spearman was dismissed in the third over, Ian Harvey led a one-day batting masterclass with 61 off just 36 balls. 
   He was ably supported early on by Phil Weston, who was four short of a half-century when he edged to slip. 
 South African international Andrew Hall, released for the day by the touring team, suffered much of Harvey's fire, and was rested from the attack after conceding 33 runs in three overs. 
 Off-spinner Gareth Batty, widely tipped for a Test call-up next week, saw his first over launched for 20 by the Australian star. 
 It was little consolation that Batty had Harvey caught behind off an edged heave next over, reserve wicket-keeper Jamie Pipe taking the catch as Steve Rhodes suffered a side injury while batting. 
 After his two wickets in seven balls, Harvey's man-of-the-match award was an automatic choice. 
 But Gloucestershire had to bide their time before the first wicket came as Anurag Singh and Vikram Solanki put on 62 in the first 15 overs. 
 Solanki led the way with seven stylish boundaries in his 40, although wicket-keeper Jack Russell's tactic of standing up to the stumps prevented the batsman from going down the wicket. 
 It took the lightning fielding of Jonty Rhodes to make the breakthrough, the South African import swooping from his perch at backward point to run out Solanki, sent back to the non-striker's end. 
   
 But it was enough to open the floodgates, with Harvey and Gidman both taking two wickets, and Russell running out skipper Ben Smith, in the next 11 overs. 
 Opening bowler Jon Lewis then returned to account for Batty, who made 20, and Rhodes, in agony after his 15, finishing with 2-28, to leave the Worcs tail to go through the motions. 
 Gloucestershire's decision to persist with a slip fielder throughout the innings brought three impressive catches from Martyn Ball, his agility belying his 35 years. 
 Harvey dismissed the talismanic Graeme Hick, lobbing a slower delivery to cover for a fourth ball duck and Singh edging an attempted cut for 28. 
 But 22-year-old Gidman, handed a heavier load because of Mike Smith's back injury, bettered the Australian star with two scalps in five deliveries. 
 David Leatherdale was scooped by Ball and Hall - tormentor of England with a blistering 99 at Headingley a week ago - was lbw for 11 playing across a straighter delivery. 
 With Gidman allowing just 12 runs from seven overs, and skipper Mark Alleyne similarly miserly with his medium-pace, Worcestershire went 16 overs in the middle of the innings without a boundary. 
 And the return of Lewis and Harvey, plus a late spell of spin from Ball that brought the wickets of Matt Mason and last man Nantie Hayward, ensured there would be no revival. 
 
  Gloucestershire:  WPC Weston, CM Spearman, MGN Windows, JN Rhodes, IJ Harvey, MW Alleyne (capt), RC Russell, APR Gidman, MCJ Ball, J Lewis, AM Smith. 
  Worcestershire:  VS Solanki, A Singh, GA Hick, BF Smith (capt), DA Leatherdale, AJ Hall, GJ Batty, SJ Rhodes, Kabir Ali, MS Mason, M Hayward.  