Woods fails in title bid

   England's Clinton Woods was beaten on points in his IBF light-heavyweight title rematch against Glen Johnson.  
 The pair fought out a draw three months ago but this time the judges scored it 115-113, 115-113 and 116-112 in favour of Miami-based Jamaican Johnson. 
 Woods was close to being knocked down in the second round in Sheffield after taking a huge right hand to the head and two left hooks to the body. 
 And the 35-year-old Johnson remained in control for the rest of the fight. 
 Woods attempted a big finish but did not do enough to trouble his cagey opponent. 
 A gracious Woods said: "He hurt me a few times and I just couldn't get into the fight. 
          There is nobody in boxing who has taken the road I've taken and made it      Glen Johnson        "I tried to force him back but Glen is a great fighter and one of the best in the world at light-heavy. I'll have to go away now and think about my future." 
 The fight had originally been scheduled as a finaleliminator but was upgraded to a title contest afterAntonio Carver gave up the belt to face Roy Jones Jr. inLas Vegas. 
 Johnson, who was unhappy with the decision after the pair's first fight, said: "I've beaten him twice now and thankfully this time the judges agreed. I appreciate their work. 
 "I have been struggling for a long time to feed my kids and I want to save enough money for them to go to college like I didn't. 
 "I've fought all over the world as the underdog against guys like this. I've beaten a lot of them and they've taken the wins away from me. 
 "This is unbelievable. There is nobody in boxing who has taken the road I've taken and made it." 
  Spectacular finish  
 Manchester's Carl Thompson made it a good night for veterans when he regained the IBO cruiserweight title with a ninth-round stoppage of Sebastian Rothmann. 
 Thompson, officially listed as 39 but believed to be older, relinquished this belt in a memorable fight with Ezra Sellers in November 1991. 
 His tussle with Rothmann was just as spectacular as he came back from the brink of defeat to stop the South African with a superb straight right. 
 "My strongest point is hanging in there and soaking up the pressure," said Thompson. 
 "I've been there before, getting knocked down and coming back for more. 
 "He kept on talking to me all the way through the fight but I told him I was getting closer and closer to him and I knew I'd get him in the end." 
  