Britain make golden start

                 Team GB got the XII Paralympic Games in Athens off to a winning start, taking double cycling gold at the velodrome.  
 Aileen McGlynn and Ellen Hunter clinched Britain's first gold in Athens when they stormed to the women's B1-3 tandem 1km time trial. 
 Darren Kenny then doubled the tally in the men's individual 1km time trial. 
 But it was a slow start elsewhere as the men's basketball side were pipped 51-48 by Italy and Di Coates finished seventh in the women's air rifle. 
 
 McGlynn and her pilot Hunter clocked a time of 1.11:160 minutes to beat the world record by 0.767 seconds on Saturday afternoon. 
               The British pair are both competing in their first Paralympic Games. 
               Kenny, riding in the 1km time trial, endured an anxious wait before discovering his mark of 1:08.195 minutes was good enough for Britain's second gold of the day. 
 Elsewhere, Britain's sailors also began their campaign in the first two of up to nine races in the 2.4mR and Sonar classes. 
 Allan Smith held ninth spot overall after his first two races on the water in the 2.4mR individual event. 
 John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas in the Sonar finished the first race back in 11th spot. 
 But the trio recovered to claim third in the second race to lie in seventh place overall after day one. 
   In the women's table tennis tournament, Britain's Cathy Mitton made it safely through her first preliminary match. 
 The 47-year-old saw off Jordan's Maha Al Bargouti 3-1 in the class one and two competition. 
 Neil Robertson also got off to a winning start in the men's class three competition as he beat Spain's Miguel Rodriguez 3-2. 
 Arnie Chan, Stefan Trofan, Lynne Riding, Scott Robertson and James Rawson all lost their opening matches but will be back in action on Sunday. 
               But it was a disappointing start in the basketball for Britain who let a six-point lead to lose their opener to Italy. 
 The team were winning 26-20 at half-time but fell behind the European champions in the final quarter. 
 In the shooting, three-time gold medallist Coates safely negotiated the qualifying round to reach the final of the women's SH1 air rifle standing competition. 
 But her score of 482.6 points was only good enough for seventh place as Germany's Manuela Schermund clinched the gold with a total of 493 points. 
 Londoner Darren Kail saw his hopes of a judo medal in the men's under-66kg class ended thanks to a tough draw. 
 Kail was defeated by Japan's fearsome Satoshi Fujimoto in the first round. 
 The Briton went through to the repechage - where he had a shot at bronze - but he was beaten in his second bout by Finland's Jani Kallunki. 
 Fujimoto went on to seize gold, to add to his victories at the Atlanta and Sydney Games. 
 There were 12 gold medals up for grabs in track cycling, judo, shooting and wheelchair fencing on Saturday. 
  