Swimmers boost medal tally

                 Great Britain kept up the gold rush on day two of the Paralympic Games with double success in the swimming pool.  
 Sascha Kindred overpowered the field to defend his 200m individual medley title while Natalie Jones took a surprise gold in the women's event. 
 Earlier, Isabel Newstead retained her air pistol title to win her ninth Paralympic gold medal. 
 In athletics, fellow nine-time Paralympic gold medallist Tanni Grey Thompson reached Monday's 800m final. 
 
               But there was disappointment for defending T11 10,000m Bob Matthews, who struggled to cope with the pace in a high quality field. 
 The 43-year-old finished back in fifth place and will now focus on the 5,000m on Friday. 
 Sally Reddin, the oldest member of Team GB, also failed to defend her F54 shot putt title. 
               Her best throw of 5.96 was only good enough for fifth place. 
 At the Olympic Aquatics centre, 17-year-old Rhiannon Henry set Britain on their way with bronze in the S13 women's 100m butterfly. 
               Kindred turned up the heat, destroying the field in the second half of the men's 200m individual medley, to win in a new Paralympic record time of 2:51.39. 
 Jones made it double gold in the pool as she held off team-mate Nyree Lewis to take the women's SM6 200m individual medley in a world record time of 3:18.68. 
 Welshman Dave Roberts took silver in the SM7 200m individual medley - just six months after taking up the event. 
 Fran Williamson took bronze in the women's 100m S3 freestyle while Anthony Stephens came third in the S5 100m freestyle. 
 Giles Long, who qualified third fastest, missed out on a third straight S8 100m butterfly crown and had to settle for bronze. 
 Newstead started another outstanding day for Britain by clinching gold in the SH1 air pistol by the narrowest of margins. 
 The Scot notched up a winning total of 466.8 to edge out Chinese Taipei's Chin Mei Lin by just 1.7 points. 
               
 In the track cycling, Britons Ian Sharpe and sighted pilot Paul Hunter beat Spain's Christian Venge and David Llaurado in the contest for the men's B1-3 tandem 4km individual pursuit bronze medal. 
 Darren Kenny also guaranteed himself at least a silver medal to add to his gold in the 1km time trial. 
 Kenny secured his place in a head-to-head battle against Spain's Javier Otxoa for the gold medal in the 3km individual pursuit on Monday. 
               In wheelchair rugby, reigning European wheelchair rugby champions Great Britain got their campaign off to a winning start against Belgium with a 27-22 victory in Group B. 
 They will next face Canada and Germany, two of the competition's strongestteams. 
               And it was good news for the women's basketball with Team GB claiming a 36-30 win against the Holland in their opening game. 
 But their male counterparts crashed 80-59 to Australia to sink to their second straight defeat in Athens. 
               Simon Jackson, who won gold medals and a bronze at four previous Games, made a sit-down protest against a referee decision after being beaten in his preliminary under-73kg judo bout by Ukrainian Sergiy Sydorenko. 
 There was also disappointment for Maxine Ingram, Britain's first female judo player to reach the Paralympics. 
   She finished fifth in the women's under-73kg category after losing to eventual silver medallist Germany's Silke Huetter. 
 David Gardener got his debut at the Games off to a good start as he reached the second round of the men's singles as the tennis event got under way. 
 British number one Jayant Mistry and Kevin Plowman also advanced. 
 But London's Simon Hatt lost out to Hungary's Laszlo Farkas in the opening round and will now focus on the doubles. 
 After a bright start on Saturday, Briton Catherine Mitton lost her second preliminary table tennis match to Genevieve Clot of France. 
 Out on the water, Britain's Allan Smith climbed to eighth place overall in the 2.4mR individual sailing event after four races. 
 In the Sonar, John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas lie in 10th place after another mixed day's sailing. 
 The trio were ninth in race three but were then disqualified from the fourth race for crossing the start line too early. 
  