Kenny leads British success

                 Great Britain grabbed a quartet of gold medals in cycling, swimming and a first athletics gold on day three of the Paralympic Games in Athens.  
 Cyclist Darren Kenny won his second title of the Paralympics with victory in the CP3 individual pursuit. 
 There was more good news as swimmers Elaine Barrett and Dave Roberts both struck gold at the Aquatic Centre. 
 And Dan Greaves set a new world record on his way to winning the F44/46 discus competition with a throw of 55.12m. 
 
 Danny West made it two medals for Britain out in the field as he claimed a silver in the F33/34 discus. 
 But there was disappointment for team-mate Tanni Grey Thompson, who finished in seventh spot in the T53 800m. 
               The defending champion struggled to get in the race which was won by American favourite Cheri Blauwert in one minute, 59.07 seconds. 
               Noel Thatcher also missed out on the medals in the T13 10,000m final as he finished back in fourth. 
 Bournemouth cyclist Kenny, who has cerebral palsy, went into his 3km individual pursuit final against Spain's Javier Otxoa assured of at least a silver medal. 
 And he clocked a new world record time of three minutes 46.260 seconds to repeat his success in Saturday's 1km open time trial. 
 Aileen McGlynn and her pilot Ellen Hunter added a cycling sprint silver to the medal tally in the B1-3 tandem sprint. 
               Dan Gordon and pilot Barney Storey's hopes in the men's sprint were dashed when they were beaten 2-0 by Japan's Shigeo Yoshihara and Takuya Oki in their quarter-final series. 
 Ian Rose took a silver judo medal in the over-100kg class. 
 The 32-year-old booked his place in the final with victory over Russia's Osman Akaev. 
 But he had to settle for silver after losing out to Azerbaijan's Ilham Zakiyev in the gold medal bout. 
 At the Aquatic Centre, Jody Cundy missed out on a third straight gold in the S10 men's 100m butterfly. 
 But he started Britain's medal haul by snatching bronze in a time of one minute, 01.02 seconds. 
               Rhiannon Henry followed suit in the women's S13 400m freestyle to notch up her second bronze of the Games. 
 Barrett then powered her way to her first Paralympic gold in the SB11 100m breastroke. 
 The Londoner swimmer is totally blind and this is the first Games that she has not had to swim in a combined class with visually-impaired athletes. 
 Roberts added a second gold in the men's 100m S7 freestyle with Matthew Walker made it a British one-two as he took silver. 
 The Welsh swimmer, who won silver in the SM7 200m individual medley, set a new world record, winning in 1:01.65. 
 Greaves set Britain on their way with their first track and field medal of the Games in the discus. 
               The Leicester athlete improved on his silver from the Sydney Games with a world-recording breaking throw of 55.12m. 
 The first athletics medal of the day was won by Samir Nouioua in the men's T46 1500m. 
 China's Wei Guo won the F35 shot put with a Paralympic record of 14.20 metres, with Sydney bronze medallist Paul Williams finishing fifth despite setting a personal best of 11.59m. 
 Williams, however, indicated that he would file a protest against the result. 
 Tracey Hinton won her heat to reach the final of the 800m for visually impaired athletes, and Graeme Ballard was fastest in the men's cerebral palsy 100m first round. 
 Dave Weir and David Holding both set personal best times as they qualified third and fifth respectively in the men's T54 wheelchair 200m event. 
 There was success for Britain's sailing trio of John Robertson, Stephen Thomas and Hannah Stodel as they won race five in the Sonar class. 
 They move up from 10th to sixth overall, with Israel taking over the at the top. 
 The British trio maintained that position after finishing 10th in race six and will be back in action on Wednesday. 
 David Heaton made an early exit in fencing's epee category B event, losing all five of his bouts. 
 And Arnie Chan (class four) and Neil Robinson (class three) failed to qualify for the knock-out stages of the men's table tennis singles competition. 
 But world champion Cathy Mitton has a chance of a bronze in the class one / two women's singles. 
 The Sydney bronze medallist lost her semi-final to France's Isabelle Lafaye Marziou and will meet Italy's Clara Podda in the bronze medal match. 
   Kay Forshaw got her Paralympic campaign off to a flying start in the women's wheelchair tennis singles. 
 The world number 17 swept aside Korea's Myung-Hee Hwang 6-2 6-0. 
 There was no such luck for Kimberley Blake and Janet McMorran, who both lost their opening matches in Athens. 
 World number one Peter Norfolk has set his sights on winning the quad tennis title as the event makes its Paralympic debut. 
 The top seed saw off American Kevin Whalen with an easy 6-1 6-2 victory in the first round. 
 British team-mate Roy Humphreys lost his opening encounter with Monique de Beer. 
               In the wheelchair rugby tournament, Great Britain continued their winning run at the thanks to a 32-30 extra-time win over world champions Canada. 
 In the women's wheelchair basketball event, Britain lost their second Group A match against Australia 63-21. 
  