Team GB collect six golds

                 Great Britain's swimmers surged to a trio of gold medals at the Aquatic Centre on day four of the Paralympics.  
 Jim Anderson set the team on the way before couple Nyree Lewis and Sascha Kindred grabbed a gold apiece. 
 Lee Pearson and Deborah Criddle made it double gold on the first day of the equestrian competition claiming individual dressage titles. 
 Earlier, Stephen Miller clinched his third straight gold with a world record of 33.53 metres in the club throw. 
 
 David Weir clinched his first Paralympic medal at his second attempt taking bronze in the T54 200m. 
 The Londoner delivered a final surge down the home straight to take third in 25.55 seconds, behind winner Leo Pekka Tahti of Norway and the Netherlands' Kenny van Weeghel. 
               And Britain's wheelchair basketball side kept their medal hopes alive with a 75-43 win over France. 
               The GB wheelchair rugby team were also successful, making it three wins out of three with a 41-30 victory over Germany. 
               Miller's gold, a repeat of his triumphs in Atlanta and Sydney, was Britain's 10th of the Games. 
               And it was followed swiftly by Pearson's success on Blue Circle Boy, as he finished well ahead of Australia's Jan Pike to take gold in the Grade I dressage. 
 Team-mate sixteen-year-old Sophie Christiansen took bronze on Hotstuff, with British team-mate Anne Dunham sixth on Olret. 
 But in the afternoon session, Criddle scored an impressive 74.400 points to snatch gold in the Grade III event ahead of German duo Bianca Vogel and Bettina Eistel. 
 After dominating the heats, Anderson put in another strong display to secure the first swimming medal of the day. 
               The Scot took the men's S2 100m freestyle in two minutes, 21.49 seconds. 
 Oxford's Danielle Watts added a silver in the women's event in a time of 3:12.70. 
 Welsh athlete Lewis smashed the Paralympic record in a time of 1:32.03 on her way to the women's S6 100m backstroke gold. 
 Kindred doubled the celebrations by surging to the men's SB7 100m breaststroke in another Paralympic record time of 1:23.28. 
 The Manchester couple's club-mate Sarah Bailey picked up a medal in her fourth Paralympics, taking bronze in the women's S10 100m freestyle in 1.05.14. 
 Anthony Stephens then picked up a silver to add to his 100m freestyle bronze in the S5 200m freestyle. 
 James Crisp rounded off the swimming success with a silver medal in the SB8 100m breaststroke after he was upgraded from third. 
 After a hard-fought campaign, Catherine Mitton claimed bronze in the women's class one / two table tennis singles. 
 The Leeds player swept aside Italy's Clara Podda 11-5 11-6 11-9 to match her achievement at the Sydney Games. 
 The first athletics event of the day, the prestigious men's T54 wheelchair 1500m final, was won by Mexico's Saul Mendoza. 
               But the competitors were angry that the race took place in front of a handful of spectators. 
 There was disappointment for British javelin thrower Pauline Latto earlier in the day. 
 The Sydney silver medallist managed only one legal throw and was eliminated from the F35-38 final, finishing down in 11th. 
 Graeme Ballard also missed out on the track in the T36 100m, finishing down in sixth spot. 
 There was also bad luck for Darren Westlake in the T13 1500m as he came home in 11th spot. 
 Powerlifters Natalie Blake and Julie Salmon also missed out on medals. 
 Blake was fourth in the women's under 56kg event, which was won by Egypt's Fatma Omar. 
 And Salmon finished seventh in the women's under 48kg category as China's Jian Xin Bian set a new world record of 117.5kg. 
               British number one Kay Forshaw earned a surprise 6-4 7-6 victory over Dutch sixth seed Maike Smit to reach the quarter-finals of the women's tennis singles. 
 Jayant Mistry, the British men's number one, battled back from a set down to beat Austria's Herbert Baumgartner 6-7 7-5 6-1 and reach the last 16. 
 World number one Peter Norfolk booked his place in the semi-finals of the quad tournament with a 6-1 6-2 victory over Canada's Sarah Hunter. 
 But British team-mate Mark Eccleston lost out to the Netherlands' Bas van Erp, who goes on to meet Norfolk for a place in the final. 
 Allan Smith remains in eighth place overall in the 2.4mR sailing competition after finishing fourth in race five and eighth in race six. 
 "The top eight is very competitive," said Smith. "But I still have an outside chance of a medal." 
 Britain's archers have made their first appearance in Athens in the ranking rounds, with Anita Chapman qualifying in fifth to reach the last 16. 
   
  