GB swimmers shine again

                 Britain's swimmers continued to lead the way on day five of the Paralympics with victories for Jim Anderson, Andrew Lindsay and the men's relay team.  
 Sarah Bailey won a breaststroke silver medal and on the track Hazel Robson won silver and Debbie Brennan took bronze. 
 There were bronze medals for cycling duo Paul Hunter and Ian Sharpe and for Nicola Tustain in the dressage. 
 And there was a vital win for the men's basketball side, who beat Brazil 66-57 to book a quarter-final place. 
 
               Britain's medal hopes were slipping away as they trailed by seven points at half-time, but a superb third quarter set up the win. 
               Earlier, the women's team suffered a heavy defeat in their final group match, losing 74-24 to a strong USA side. 
 At the Aquatic Centre, Britain's 4x100m freestyle relay 34pts team made history by becoming the first non able-bodied quartet to break four minutes. 
 Matthew Walker, Graham Edmunds, David Roberts and Robert Welbourn clocked three minutes 59.62 seconds to finish well clear of their Australian rivals. 
               It was the perfect pick-me-up for Roberts, who had finished fourth in the men's S7 100m backstroke as team-mate Lindsay held on to win by just 0.31secs. 
               Anderson, who has cerebral palsy, smashed his own world record by 13 seconds to win gold in the S2 200m freestyle. 
               Bailey added to her S10 100m freestyle bronze as she broke the British record to take silver in the SB9 100m breaststroke. 
 There was disappointment for Elaine Barrett, however, as she failed to add to her SB11 100m breaststroke gold medal. 
 Barrett was disqualified for an illegal turn after finishing second in the women's SM11 200m individual medley final. 
 Rhiannon Henry was fourth in the women's S13 100m freestyle. 
 On the track, Robson was unable to defend her T36 100m title, finishing second as China's Fang Wang set a new world record of 13.90 seconds. 
 And Brennan matched her bronze medal from Sydney four years ago as Canada's Chelsea Clark clocked 19.68 seconds to break the Briton's T34 100m world record. 
 Defending T35 100m champion Lloyd Upsdell could not repeat his success from Sydney four years ago. 
 Upsdell finished fourth as South Africa's Teboho Mokgalagadi broke the world record he had set in the semi-finals. 
 And there was disappointment for Sydney silver medallist Tracey Hinton as she finished fourth in the T12 800m final. 
 David Weir, who won Britain's first medal on the track on Tuesday, failed to secure his passage to the final of the men's T54 400m. 
               In the velodrome, Hunter and Sharpe clocked one minute 5.350 seconds to take B1-3 1km time trial bronze, adding to their bronze from the 4km individual pursuit. 
               Tustain, who won two equestrian golds and a bronze in Sydney, scored 68.727% to finish third in the grade II individual dressage and earn the same medal she won four years ago. 
 However, fellow Briton Jo Pitt was outside the medals after coming eighth in the 20-strong field. 
 There were mixed fortunes in the tennis, with Jayant Mistry losing to Japan's Satoshi Saida 6-2 6-2 in the third round and Kay Forshaw exiting after a quarter-final defeat by Australian second seed Daniela di Toro. 
 But Peter Norfolk beat Netherlands' Bas van Erp 6-2 6-3 to reach the quad tennis final. 
 British archers Kathy Smith, Margaret Parker and Anita Chapman all missed out on medals. 
 Smith lost 96-95 to Naoko Hirasawa in the W1/W2 quarter-finals, while Parker was beaten 140-121 in her opener against Market Sidova of the Czech Republic. 
 Chapman failed to reach the quarter-finals of the individual standing archery competition, the defending champion losing 132-108 to Thailand's Wasana Karpmaichan. 
 David Heaton's bid to win Britain's first individual Paralympic fencing medal since 1988 ended at the quarter-final stage of the category B sabre event. 
 The world number four from Blackpool lost 15-4 to Robert Wysmierski of Poland, the eventual gold medallist. 
 Britain's sailing crews also saw their medal hopes fade. 
 Allan Smith failed to improve his overall position after finishing eighth in race seven and 12th in race eight of the 2.4mR individual competition. 
 He remains eighth with one race to go. 
 The Sonar trio of John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas finished ninth in race seven and fourth in race eight to drop from sixth to seventh overall with one race to go. 
   
  