Track gold lifts Britain

                 Tanni Grey Thompson sealed a golden day for Team GB as she stormed to a fine win in the T53 100m at the Paralympics.  
 The Welsh athlete set a personal best of 17.24 secs for the 10th gold of her career and Britain's fifth of the day. 
 Earlier, swimmer David Roberts raced to victory in the S7 400m freestyle for his third gold of the Games as the team won five medals in the pool. 
 Lee Pearson and Debbie Criddle both sealed equestrian doubles, by securing freestyle dressage titles. 
 Grey Thompson bounced back to form and claimed Britain's first track gold of the Games just three days after finishing a disappointing seventh in the 800m final. 
 After successfully defending her 100m title, the 35-year-old said: "It is a huge relief for me." 
 At the Aquatic Centre, Roberts clocked four minutes 56.11 seconds for victory in the opening race on Thursday evening. 
               It was Team GB's 11th swimming gold and a third for Roberts, having already won 4x100m freestyle relay and the 100m freestyle. 
 Maggie McEleny took silver in the SB3 50m breaststroke, and Sarah Bailey won her 16th Paralympic medal with silver in the SM10 200m individual medley, while James Crisp and Claire Cashmore claimed bronzes. 
 There was double delight for Britain's dressage duo. 
 Back in action after his gold in the grade I individual dressage on Tuesday, Pearson scored 87% in the individual freestyle to comfortably secure his second triumph in Athens. 
               
 Criddle then followed in the footsteps of her team-mate with victory in the grade III event to win her second gold medal at these Paralympic Games. 
 She clocked up 81.722 aboard Figaro IX. 
 Tennis players Peter Norfolk and Mark Eccleston are guaranteed at least a silver medal after reaching the quad doubles final. 
 They triumphed 2-6 7-5 6-1 over Dutch pair Monique de Beer and Bas van Erp. 
 But Jayant Mistry and Simon Hatt went out 6-1 6-1 to top seeds Shingo Kunieda and Satoshi Saida of Japan in the quarter-finals of the men's doubles open event. 
                 
 Elsewhere, Britain's wheelchair rugby side booked their place in the semi-finals after a 50-42 win against Japan. 
 But the women's basketball side went down 63-24 to Germany in their quarter-final. 
 World number one Nigel Murray got off to a winning start as he began the defence of his individual boccia title, beating his first two opponents. 
 In wheelchair table tennis, Britain suffered defeats in their opening men's team matches. 
 James Rawson, Neil Robinson and Stefan Trofan, who won silver in the class three in Sydney, lost 3-0 to Germany, while Arnie Chan and Scott Robertson, in the class 5, were beaten 3-0 by Korea. 
 Claire Williams finished fifth in the women's F13 discus, but the 16-year-old threw 35.26m - her second best throw of all time. 
 
 Britain's sailing crews began completing their events knowing that they are racing for pride rather than medals. 
 Allan Smith finished eighth in the 2.4mR individual competition and the Sonar trio of John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas had to settle for sixth. 
 Britain's male archers Sandy Gregory, Andrew Baylis, Jim Buchanan and Paul Hawthorne struggled in the heat and were eliminated from the individual W2 and standing events. 
   
  