Golden double for Team GB

                 Great Britain have enjoyed a golden double on day seven of the Paralympic Games in Athens.  
 World number one Peter Norfolk beat American David Wagner 6-3 6-2 to win Britain's first Paralympic tennis medal in the men's quad final. 
 In the pool, Team GB picked up eight medals including a gold for Gareth Duke in the 100m breaststroke SB6 final. 
 Nicola Tustain won her second equestrian bronze while Dave Gale won bronze in the men's F32-51 discus. 
 Other medals in the pool went to Nyree Lewis, Liz Johnson, James Crisp and Robert Welbourn, Dervis Konuralp and the women's and men's relay teams. 
 
 Britain's first medal of the day was Tustain's bronze at the Markopoulo Equestrian Centre. 
 Tustain repeated her result from the grade II individual dressage in Friday's freestyle event, with Sweden's Irene Slaettengren again taking gold. 
 Britain's men's wheelchair rugby team missed out on the final after losing 39-35 to New Zealand in their semi-final. 
 They will now play the United States for the bronze medal. 
 In the athletics, Bob Mathews, who may have competed in his last Paralympics, finished sixth in the men's 5000m T11 final, while Noel Thatcher also finished in the same position in the T12 equivalent. 
 Discus thrower Kim Minett finished seventh in the women's F40 final as Enna Ben Abidi and Afrah Gomdi made it a Tunisia one-two. American Jill Kennedy won bronze. 
         MORE SUCCESS FOR TEAM GB         
 Friday's action on the track began with Danny Crates, who set a new world record in July, winning his T46 800m heat in a time of one minute 58.48 seconds. 
 "My goal for the final is only one thing - to get first place," said Crates. 
 Darren Kenny's attempt to follow up his golds in the CP3 3km individual pursuit and 1km open time trial with a road race medal began well. 
 He took second place, 35 seconds behind Spain's Javier Otxoa. 
 His time will be combined with his time from Monday's time trial to decide the overall result. 
 In the archery, John Cavanagh made comfortable progress into the last four of the W1 individual competition. 
               He began with a 164-114 win over Italy's Daniele Cassiani - a new Paralympic record score - and then beat Sydney silver medallist Olivier Hatem of France 102-93. 
 Britain's men's class 3 table tennis team registered their first victory in Pool A, beating Austria 3-1. 
 And Peter Pearse beat Argentine Gabriela Villano to make it two wins and two defeats in Pool C of the boccia BC1 individual competition. 
 The men's basketball team lost 63-45 in their final pool game against Paralympic champions Canada, but they had already sealed a place in the knock-out stages. 
   
 
  