GB enjoy super Saturday

                 Jim Anderson won his third title of the Games as Britain's swimmers continued their Paralympic success with one gold, two silvers and two bronze medals.  
 Danny Crates won GB's second track gold with a dominant run in the T46 800m and Debbie Brennan took T34 200m silver. 
 John Cavanagh grabbed men's W1 archery gold and powerlifter Emma Brown retained her under 82.5kg title. 
 The GB wheelchair rugby side lost their bronze medal game against the USA, but the basketball team made the last four. 
 
               The rugby team trailed 22-19 at half-time and could not close the gap as the Americans ended up 43-39 winners. 
               The basketball side held their nerve, however, to beat the US 62-59 in the quarter-finals and avenge their bronze medal play-off defeat in 2000. 
               Anderson's third gold was the highlight of another fruitful evening in the pool for Team GB. 
 He finished 2.31 seconds ahead of Frenchman Philippe Revillon in the men's S2 50m freestyle final, with American Curtis Lovejoy third. 
 There was a silver for Fran Williamson in the women's S3 50m freestyle and for James Crisp in the men's S9 100m backstroke. 
 Claire Cashmore took bronze in the women's S9 100m backstroke and Danielle Watts was followed suit in the women's S2 50m freestyle. 
 Sascha Kindred, David Roberts, Matthew Walker, Jody Cundy, Sarah Bailey, Dervis Konuralp and Kenny Cairns all missed out in their finals. 
               On the track, Crates was in commanding form as he eased away from Algeria's Samir Nouioua down the home straight to win T46 800m gold. 
               But defending T34 200m champion Brennan had to settle for silver as she finished second to Canada's Chelsea Clark. 
 Tanni Grey Thompson stayed on course for her second gold of the Games by winning her heat to qualify for Monday's T53 400m final. 
               And David Holding and Dave Weir were second in their semi-finals to qualify for the Sunday's T54 100m final. 
 Rachel Potter was eighth in the T54 400m final, won by Canada's Chantal Petitclerc. 
               Cavanagh's archery gold rounded off a superb competition for the Briton, who had set a Paralympic record in the first round. 
 He edged past American Jeffrey Fabry as their semi-final went to an extra arrow, and then took gold with a 108-102 victory over Swede Anders Groenberg. 
               Powerlifter Brown, who also won gold at the Sydney Games four years ago, clinched her second successive title with a lift of 130kg. 
 Nigel Murray's hopes of retaining the BC2 individual boccia title ended at the quarter-final stage as he lost 6-1to Spain's Pedro Cordero. 
 And Ian Sharpe and pilot Paul Hunter's chances of adding a road cycling medal to their two track bronzes faded when they were 16th in their opening B1-3 race after picking up a puncture. 
 Gary Williams, in his first Paralympics since Barcelona in 1992, finished ninth in the LC1 race. 
 Medals are awarded on the basis of the combined performances in the road race and Monday's time trial. 
  