Roberts leads golden haul

                 Britain's swimmers impressed again on day nine of the Paralympics, with David Roberts' fourth gold of the Games the highlight of a five-medal haul.  
 There were also golds for GB's dressage squad and the women's archery team. 
 And Britain won four track medals as David Weir and Hazel Robson collected silver and Graeme Ballard and Lloyd Upsdell claimed bronze. 
 Peter Norfolk and Mark Eccleston missed out on gold in the quad doubles tennis final, losing 6-4 6-1 to take silver. 
 
 They were beaten by top-seeded Americans David Wagner and Nick Taylor. 
               Britain's men lost 64-52 to Australia in the wheelchair basketball semi-final to go into a play-off for bronze against the Netherlands. 
               But the men's class 3 table tennis team of Neil Robinson and James Rawson are through to Monday's final after beating France 3-2 in dramatic fashion to set up a clash with Korea. 
 The medals continued to flow at the Aquatic Centre with Roberts leading the way in the S7 50m freestyle. 
               The Welshman edged out team-mate Matt Walker by just 0.03 seconds. 
 There were silver medals for Maggie McEleny in the women's SM4 150m individual medley and Mhairi Love in the women's S6 400m freestyle final. 
                 Nyree Lewis could only finish third behind Love, despite setting a Paralympic record in the heats. 
 South Africa's Natalie du Toit won her fifth gold of the Games with a world record in the women's S9 50m freestyle. 
 The British dressage quartet of Lee Pearson, Debbie Criddle, Nicola Tustain and Ann Dunham finished well ahead of Germany and the Netherlands in the final equestrian event. 
               And British archery trio Anita Chapman, Kathy Smith and Margaret Parker avenged their defeat by Italy in the final four years ago to take gold. 
 The men's W1 team of John Cavanagh, Andrew Baylis and Sandy Gregory were beaten by Korea in their semi-final and then lost 212-231 in the bronze match against the USA. 
               In the Olympic Stadium, wheelchair racer Weir was second behind Finland's Leo Pekka Tahti in the T54 100m. 
 Team-mate David Holding finished out of the medals in fourth. 
               Robson picked up her second sprint medal of the Games, clocking 31.98 seconds as China's Wang Fang streaked to victory in a new world record of 28.60secs. 
 And Ballard took bronze in the men's event as Wa Wai So of Hong Kong set a new Paralympic record. 
 Upsdell won bronze in the T35 200m final, but his team-mate Richard White pulled up with an injury. 
 Kim Minett was fourth in the women's F40 shot put final and Karen Lewis Archer seventh in the women's T52 200m final. 
 Paul Pearce finished sixth and Mark Funnell came 12th in the gruelling T13 marathon. 
 Tanni Grey Thompson was second in her heat to qualify for the final of the T54 200m, but Tracey Hinton missed out on a place in the T12 400m final. 
 The boccia BC1/BC2 team event began with a 6-5 victory for Britain over Norway in Pool S. 
 But the British women's basketball side lost 29-40 to Mexico in the play-offs for fifth to eighth place. 
 The best they can do now is finish seventh overall if they beat the Netherlands on Monday. 
  