Final day bronze for GB

                 Great Britain will bring a total of 94 medals back home after the men's wheelchair basketball team added bronze on the last day of the Paralympics  
 The team, who missed out on a medal at the Sydney Games, battled past the Netherlands 82-66 in the play-off. 
 The Dutch took a 22-18 lead at the end of the first period but Britain battled back and held on to win. 
 Meanwhile, Team GB's boccia BC1-BC2 side missed out on a bronze after losing 7-5 to Spain in the play-offs. 
 Britain's basketball team had got off to a slow start in Athens as they trailed 22-18 in the first quarter. 
 But the team came to life in the second, storming to a 40-33 lead, before keeping the momentum going after the interval thanks to some steady points-scoring from Colin Price. 
 The Dutch fought back as Koen Jansens stepped up his offensive work but Dave Titmuss' side stretched to a 59-47 lead at the end of the third period. 
               In a tense final quarter, the Netherlands chipped away at Britain's lead, Jansens closing the gap to 63-57 with eight minutes left to play. 
 But a tactical switch to a more attacking line-up saw Britain recover as Pollock, captain Andy Blake and Price kept the score ticking over and the Dutch at bay. 
 The team's medal dreams were shattered four years ago at the Sydney Games when the USA scored a miracle shot in the dying seconds of their play-off to snatch bronze. 
 In boccia, the BC-1 BC-2 team were unable to add a 95th medal to Great Britain's tally. 
 The team were edged out 9-8 by Portugal in the semi-finals and went on to face Spain in the bronze medal play-offs. 
               But Britain were narrowly defeated by the Spanish side, who had earlier beaten them 13-1 in their final Pool S match. 
 Portugal took the gold medal after seeing off New Zealand 5-4 in another close encounter. 
 The blind five-a-side football tournament also reaches its conclusion on Tuesday. 
 Spain beat Greece in the bronze medal match thanks to a pair of goals from Marcelo Rosado. 
 Brazil defeated Argentina 3-2 on penalties in a tight contest for the gold medal. 
               The Games end with a closing ceremony which has been cut down as a sign of respect after seven students died on Monday. 
 They were on their way to watch the the Games when a truck veered off course and rammed into the oncoming bus carrying them. 
 The accident prompted organisers to cancel the artistic part of Tuesday evening'sclosing ceremony and a minute's silence was observed at all venues. 
  