Armstrong makes history

                 Lance Armstrong finished safely on the final day of the Tour de France to seal a record-breaking sixth race victory.  
 Tom Bonnen claimed the glamour leg on the streets of Paris, while Robbie McEwen took the green points jersey. 
 But the day belonged to Armstrong, who bettered the five Tour wins of cycling greats Eddy Merckx, Jacques Anquetil, Bernard Hinault and Miguel Indurain. 
 Andreas Kloden clinched second place on the podium, ahead of Italian Ivan Basso and German compatriot Jan Ullrich. 
 Armstrong's victory was never in doubt on what was a largely processional last stage. 
 And, flanked by his hard-working US Postal team-mates, he looked very relaxed throughout, even finding time to drink a glass of champagne in the saddle. 
         TOUR 2004 JERSEY WINNERS     Yellow:  Lance Armstrong    Green:  Robbie McEwen    Polka dot:  Richard Virenque    White:  Vladimir Karpets          
 The 32-year-old American, whose winning margin slipped to six minutes and 19 seconds, has won the last six Tours since the late Marco Pantani's sole victory in 1998. 
 And he will have the chance to make it seven in a row in 2005, although he has yet to commit to riding in that race. 
 Armstrong admitted that he had been a bit surprised at how easy the sixth win had been. 
 "We never had a sense of crisis, only the stress of the rain and the crashes in the first week," he said. 
          Six times, standing on the top step on the Champs Elysees is really special      Lance Armstrong          
 "I was surprised that some of the rivals were not better. Some of them just completely disappeared." 
 The Texan added, however, that his milestone would take a long time sink in, 
 "It might take years. I don't know. But six times, standing on the top step on the Champs Elysees is really special," he said. 
 Below Armstrong in the overall classification, Kloden, 28, completed a fine Tour de France by beating his T-Mobile leader Ullrich to finish as runner-up. 
 CSC's Basso split the Germans by hanging on in Saturday's time trial to take third spot on the Paris podium. 
          To win six Tours in a row is incredible - I don't think anyone will do it again      Tyler Hamilton          
 Much of Sunday's excitement revolved around the green jersey battle, with Robbie McEwen, Thor Hushovd, Erik Zabel, Stuart O'Grady and Danilo Hondo starting within 37 points of each other. 
 Once McEwen had won the first intermediate sprint of the day, only he and Hushvold looked likely to win the title. 
 But on the Champs Elysees, both were pipped by Boonen, who led last year's winner Jean-Patrick Nazon and Hondo over the line with McEwen fourth, Zabel fifth and Hushovd well adrift. 
               
 Frenchman Richard Virenque had already sealed his record-breaking seventh King of the Mountains title and added to it the Tour's combativity prize. 
 The young rider's white jersey was won by Russia's Vladimir Karpets, who pipped long-time yellow jersey wearer Thomas Voeckler. 
  