Tanni to bow out before Beijing

   Tanni Grey Thompson has said that she will not be competing at the next Paralympics in Beijing in 2008.  
 Tanni confirmed her decision after picking up the UK Sport fair play award at the Sports Journalists Association annual ceremony in London. 
 However she will not be retiring and has already confirmed her participation in the London Marathon and next May's Paralympic World Cup in Manchester. 
 She has won 11 Paralympic gold medals over a distinguished career. 
 The 35-year-old also urged the British public to get behind London's bid for the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics. 
               
 "If the Olympics comes to Britain in 2012, it would be fantastic," she said. 
 "It would be the best legacy for the children of this country, and the best thing for Paralympic sport I could imagine." 
 Double Olympic gold medallist Kelly Holmes won the Sportswoman of the Year award, just days after picking up the BBC Sports Personality of the Year honour. 
 Matthew Pinsent took the Sportsman of the Year prize while the England cricket team won Team of the Year. 
 Three-day eventer Leslie Law, who had to wait several months for his gold medal from Athens following the disqualification of Germany's Bettina Hoy, was presented with a special award. 
 He said: "Although I didn't stand on the rostrum in Athens, the support of the British people has more than made up for that since I got back." 
 
  Awards:    Exceptional sporting performance:  Bradley Wiggins   Best international newcomer:  Amir Khan   Bill McGowran Trophy  (achievement of an athlete with a disability): Jim Anderson   J L Manning award  (outstanding contribution by a non-competitor): KenSchofield, retiring executive director of golf's European Tour   UK Sport award:  Tanni Grey-Thompson.   Committee award:  Leslie Law   Sports Team of the Year:  England cricket team   Sportsman of the Year:  Matthew Pinsent   President's award:  Coxless Four rowing team   Sportswoman of the Year:  Kelly Holmes   