BBC pound-for-pound world rankings

                
  Staff at the BBC Sport website have banged their heads together and compiled a list of the world's top-10 boxers, pound-for-pound.  
 Taking weight out of the equation, this subjective list factors in fighters' recent results, as well as their style, resilience and punching power. 
 The list will be updated periodically and should be treated as a talking point. Let the debate begin! 
   POUND-FOR-POUND TOP 10   
    1. Floyd Mayweather  - Welterweight   United States (36 wins, 0 losses, 0 draws, 24KOs)   Mayweather became a four-weight world champion with his controversial win over Zab Judah, although he is yet to dominate a division. Remains on a collision course with Ricky Hatton. 
    2. Marco Antonio Barrera  - Super featherweight   Mexico (61-4, 42KOs)   Dispelled any suggestion he was a spent force by beating Morales in the third instalment of their cracking trilogy. Battle-scarred at 31, he remains a force to be reckoned with and a huge draw. 
    3. Winky Wright  - Middleweight   United States (50-3, 25KOs)   Wright gave a southpaw masterclass in beating Felix Trinidad and steps up to challenge middleweight king Jermain Taylor in June. 
    4. Manny Pacquiao  - Featherweight   Philippines (41-3-2, 33KOs)   Pacquiao became the first man to stop Erik Morales in January and is set to meet him in a decider in September. 
    5. Ricky Hatton  - Light welterweight   England (40-0, 30KOs)   The "Hitman" got cut but then cut down WBA champion Carlos Maussa. Fights WBA welterweight champion Luis Collazo in May. 
    6. Joe Calzaghe  - Super middleweight   Wales (41-0, 31KOs)   Calzaghe gave one of the greatest displays by a British boxer in beating Jeff Lacy and the Welshman now has the world at his feet. 
    7. Jermain Taylor  - Middleweight   United States (25-0, 17KOs)   Having beaten Bernard Hopkins twice, Taylor will maybe have more on his plate in light middleweight king Winky Wright in June. 
    8. Jose Luis Castillo  - Lightweight   Mexico (54-7-1, 47KOs)   Faces Diego Corrales in a decider in June before moving up and challenging WBO light welterweight champion Miguel Angel Cotto. 
    9. Antonio Tarver  - Light heavyweight   United States (24-3, 18KOs)   Will be looking to add the scalp of Bernard Hopkins to those of Roy Jone and Glen Johnson when the two meet in June. 
    10. Rafael Marquez  - Bantamweight   Mexico (35-3, 31KOs)   Marquez has held the IBF belt since 2003 and in his six title defences has shown he can box or bang his way to victory. 
  JUST MISSED OUT:    Bernard Hopkins  and  Juan Manuel Marquez  dropped off the list after defeats to Jermain Taylor and Chris John respectively.  Zab Judah  slid after his shock loss to  Carlos Baldomir  , as does  Erik Morales  after his battering at the hands of Manny Pacquiao.  