BBC pound-for-pound British rankings

                
  After much deliberation, staff at the BBC Sport website have come up with their top-10 British fighters, pound-for-pound.  
 Ignoring weight, this subjective list takes into account fighters' recent results, their skills, resilience and punching power. 
   
 The list will be updated periodically and should be treated as a talking point. Let the debate begin! 
   POUND-FOR-POUND TOP 10   
    1. Ricky Hatton  - Light welterweight   Manchester (40-0, 30KOs)   The best of British at the moment. The IBF champion shrugged off two nasty cuts to knockout WBA holder Carlos Maussa. Now he says he is going after the biggest name around - Floyd Mayweather. 
    2. Joe Calzaghe  - Super middleweight   Newbridge (41-0, 31KOs)   Now undisputed king at 168lb, Calzaghe gave one of the greatest displays by a British boxer in beating Jeff Lacy and the Welshman now has the world at his feet. 
    3. Scott Harrison  - Featherweight   Glasgow (25-2-2, 14KOs)   Harrison will be looking for a super-fight - perhaps against Marco Antonio Barrera - following the exploits of Calzaghe and Hatton. 
    4. Clinton Woods  - Light heavyweight   Sheffield (38-3-1, 23KOs)   Woods looked convincing in his first world title defence and has been calling out super middleweight king Joe Calzaghe. 
    5. Junior Witter  - Light welterweight   Bradford (33-1-2, 19KOs)   Witter is just one fight away from challenging for a world title. Set to fight the dangerous DeMarcus Corley in the summer. 
    6. Johnny Nelson  - Cruiserweight   Sheffield (45-12-2, 29KOs)   Now 39, WBO champion Nelson may retire after pulling out of his scheduled clash with Enzo Maccarinelli with damaged knee ligaments. 
    7. Nicky Cook  - Featherweight   Dagenham (26-0, 15KOs)   European champion Cook has been handed a world title eliminator against Mexico's Gamaliel Diaz on 16 June. 
    8. Carl Froch  - Super middleweight   Nottingham (18-0, 14KOs)   Looked laboured in his last Commonwealth title defence and is in need of a new challenge. Could challenge for the European title later this year. 
    9. David Haye  - Cruiserweight   London (16-1, 16KOs)   Haye was lacklustre in defending his European crown in March but is still targeting a world title shot in 2006. 
    10. Alex Arthur  - Super featherweight   Edinburgh (23-1, 17KOs)   Arthur came through a chaotic clash with Sergey Gulyakevich and could challenge for a world title in 2006. 
  JUST MISSED OUT:   
  Cruiserweight  Enzo Maccarinelli  is on the fringes, as is British, European and Commonwealth super bantamweight champion  Michael Hunter  .  Esham Pickering  , who lost to Hunter last October, challenges for the IBF featherweight title next month.  