Mark Webber

    Williams' wonder   
             Born:  27/8/76    Nationality:  Australian      First GP:  Australia 2002    Best result:  3rd    2005 position:  10th    Previous teams:  Minardi, Jaguar      Mark Webber won himself a prized drive at Williams with some impressive displays for Jaguar - and for the most part lived up to expectations in 2005.  
 A few high-profile errors limited his results, although he still managed to outscore team-mate Nick Heidfeld. 
 But his errors came while pushing a poor car to the edge, and on balance he did a great job for a struggling team. 
 Webber would win races in the right car, but it seems unlikely that will be a Williams this year.   
 His qualifying performances were particularly impressive last year, and Webber often had the FW27 higher up the grid than it had any right to be. 
 Too many times he wasted his stunning qualifying laps with a mistake in the race, but pushing too hard to try to make up for a car that is not up to the job is far better than giving up, and Webber is expected to go a long way. 
 He is bright and tough and a man whose pace, drive and commitment are much admired. 
 Webber has won as many admirers in F1 for his professional yet relaxed attitude as for his driving. 
 His no-nonsense, resourceful personality makes him the perfect fit for Williams, a team renowned for their gloves-off approach to managing drivers. 
 What is still not yet known, however, is ultimately how quick Webber is. 
 People who worked with him at Renault, where he was a test driver, say that although he is extremely good, his ability is not as high as that of Fernando Alonso, and that he is not as fast as Jarno Trulli. 
 But then Alonso, as arguably the brightest star of the new generation of drivers, is a very high standard to aim at. 
 And Trulli is one of the two or three fastest drivers in the world over one lap. 
 In any case, Webber is the sort of driver who should be able to make up for any small deficit in natural ability by commitment and hard work, both attributes that have endeared him to Williams.  