Meet MTB star Liam Killeen

           Liam Killeen  MTB cyclist        
  Liam Killeen is Britain's best cross-country mountain biker.  
 That means he is fast, extremely fit and almost immune to pain! 
 He has competed at all levels of racing from World Cup to Olympics. 
   GETTING STARTED   
 I've been into bikes since I was very young. 
 When I was about 13 I went to watch the Malvern Classic and discovered mountain biking. 
   
 The Classic was a real bike festival then with a great atmosphere and the whole scene appealed to me. 
 It made me want to try out cross-country racing for myself and I started to take cycling seriously from that point. 
 The following year I started competing. 
 Me and my friends still went out after school and during the holidays. 
 We used to go to the woods and build courses. 
   INSPIRATIONS   
 I've always admired the top UK riders because they were the first pros I saw live in action. 
   
 I admire (Swiss mountain bike legend) Thomas Frischknecht for his consistency since 1990 and his wet weather riding skills. 
 And Tour de France champ Lance Armstrong for his tough, relentless drive, leadership and determination. 
 In downhill, Britain's Steve Peat and Tracy Moseley are up there for their skill and regular top results in downhill World Cups. 
 The British track team's performances at Olympics and Worlds are impressive too. 
   CROSS COUNTRY   
 I do most of my riding around Malvern. 
 One of my favourite rides takes me over near Ludlow and back around Ledbury. 
 At 80 miles it's the kind of ride I do for tempo/endurance training. 
 My riding pace is definitely faster and I can go for longer. 
 Being a pro mountain biker is a lot of hard work but you don't get to the top of anything without putting in a lot of effort. 
 When you win a race you think, well that's what I've worked towards and it's worth it. 
 Some people can put up with the pain and I guess I'm one of them. 
 Some days it can be too much but strangely it can be addictive too. 
 You don't win races without being in a lot of pain but when you're at the front of the race the pain isn't as bad as when you're suffering mid-pack. 
   OLYMPICS AND BEYOND   
 I won the Euros as a junior and a bronze at the 2002 Commonwealth Games in Manchester. 
 I'd have loved to get a medal in Athens. 
   
 I went there in the best condition I've ever been in and the hilly course suited me because I'm a good climber. 
 But I got caught in a crash near the start of the race. 
 There wasn't many places you could overtake but I finally managed to finish fifth. 
 It made me wonder how I would have done if I hadn't been slowed down by the crash. 
 Obviously the World Championships is also a major goal. 
 But I still need more top senior results, like more top 10's in World Cups.  