Lloyd Upsdell's sprinting secrets

           Lloyd Upsdell  GB sprinting star        
 
  Sprinter Lloyd Upsdell burst onto the international scene as a 15-year-old, winning two golds at the World Championships in 1998.  
 After winning two golds at the Sydney Paralympics, the Cerebral Palsy athlete had a disappointing Games in Athens, only winning a bronze. 
 He showed a welcome return to form at the 2005 Open European Championships in Finland, taking gold in the 200m. 
 Here he reveals his steps to sprinting success and some of his speed secrets.  
   GETTING STARTED   
 I've been running for 12 years now and have had some great fun so far. 
 I remember going up against two world champions in a Cerebral Palsy (CP) championship and I beat them both. 
 A coach spotted me and I haven't looked back since. 
         Lloyd facts     Born:  3 June 1983    Nationality:  Welsh    Paralympics:  Sydney 2000: gold (100 and 200m), Athens 2004: bronze (200m)    World Champs:  Birmingham 1998: gold (100 and 200m), Lille 2002: gold (100 and 200m)    European Champs:  Assen 2003: silver (200m), Espoo 2005: gold (2005)    World records:  World 200m record holder, European 100m record holder        
 Soon afterwards I was called up for the World Championships just two days before they were about to begin. 
 A week later I came home with two gold medals but when that happened it meant I had to weigh up my options. 
 If I wanted to take athletics seriously it would mean having to give up the great passion of my life - rugby, which I'd played to county level. 
 I decided to go for athletics - and two years later I ran in front of 85,000 screaming people at Sydney when I became 200m Paralympic champion. 
   TAKING CONTROL   
 
 I'm still a massive rugby fan though. I have a season ticket at the Millennium Stadium and I rarely miss a Wales game. 
 One of my best friends is Nick MacLeod who plays rugby for the Cardiff Blues. 
 I'm a pretty laid back, jovial character and I take everything in my stride. I don't get too stressed out by anything. 
 One thing I like about athletics is that I'm in total control of my performance. 
 Unlike a team sport like rugby, it's all up to me. 
 I'm the one out on the track - and hopefully I'm the one who's going to win medals. 
   LLOYD'S TIPS FOR THE TOP   
 
   Stretching   A few stretches before a race will improve your flexibility and will give you longer strides. 
   Chill   Try and be relaxed. If you are tense, your shoulders and arms will tighten up and you won't run as well as you can. 
 Try taking deep breaths and don't worry about anybody else you're running against. 
 Something else which helps me to release any tension is flicking my legs behind me in the blocks. 
   
   Tunnel vision   No one else is there to help. It is just you. 
 I find that looking down the lane helps and if other runners start twitching and moving don't worry about them. 
 No matter how big the race, telling myself "it's just another race" helps me to focus and calm the nerves. 
   Go go go   Burst out of the blocks on the B of the bang. Just get those arms moving as fast as you can. 
 I know that sounds obvious but it does get the legs moving together. 
 And just keep going to the line. Throw yourself over if you have to. 
 So good luck, work hard and enjoy. Training isn't always fun but stick with it. 
 And believe me, it will all be worth it in the end.  