Woods pips Daly in play-off drama

        FINAL LEADERBOARD      (US unless stated)    -10  T Woods, J Daly   -8  C Montgomerie (Sco), S Garcia (Sp), H Stenson (Swe)   -5  D Howell (Eng), G McDowell (NI), V Singh (Fij), D Toms   -4  S Ames (Can)      Tiger Woods claimed the WGC-American Express for the fourth time after John Daly missed a short putt at the second hole of a play-off at Harding Park.  
 Daly was two ahead going to the 17th but missed a four-foot putt for par and left a birdie chance on the last short. 
 After Daly sent his putt for the title two feet past in extra holes he saw the return clip the edge and stay out. 
 Colin Montgomerie, who led for the first two rounds, bogeyed the last for a 70 to share third two shots back.   
 Sergio Garcia had three birdies in his 69 also finished eight under, alongside Henrik Stenson, who birdied the 16th and 17th and holed a series of impressive putts. 
 Britain's David Howell birdied two of the first three holes en route to a 67 that left him in a tie for sixth at five under. 
 Graeme McDowell, who finished with a quadruple bogey on Saturday, had three birdies in his first seven holes before a double bogey six on the ninth, and he also closed at five under. 
          That's not how you're supposed to win a golf tournament      Tiger Woods          
 Beginning the final day one shot ahead, Daly was one under for the day coming to the 13th, but then chipped in superbly from thick rough around the green for his third birdie. 
 Woods began two behind Daly but in his familiar final day red shirt, long-sleeved on this occasion, he birdied the first, only to give the shot back at the next. 
 He produced a thrilling run at the start of the back nine with three successive birdies, and a neat pitch zipped into the flag at the 16th and stopped three feet away to set up his sixth birdie of the day. 
 On the final green the world number one had a 20-foot chance to post an 11 under target but his ball drifted past the edge and finished behind the hole. 
           Daly missed a short putt - pity - there aren't too many opportunities to beat TW    From G       
 The play-off began with the 18th and after Woods hit a phenomenal drive, biting a huge chunk off the dogleg, Daly casually thumped an even better one. 
 A soaring approach from Woods pitched three feet from the flag but span back to the fringe at the front of the green, and Daly's ball finished in a similar position, resulting in a half in four. 
 Woods took an iron for safety off the 16th tee, the second play-off hole, but Daly opted for the driver and clipped a tree to the right. 
 The big American had a good view of the green, however, and pitched closer than Woods, who misjudged his pitch from 75 yards. 
 Woods saw his attempt finish on the lip but the tournament was decided moments later to the despair of the large galleries when Daly's short putt missed on the left edge.  