Andy Barrow on wheelchair rugby

   Just six years after taking up wheelchair rugby, Andy Barrow represented Great Britain at the highest possible level - the 2004 Paralympics in Athens. 
 Barrow reveals his passion for the game and how he first got involved.  
            Andy Barrow  GB wheelchair rugby player        
 I've always been a keen sportsman. I grew up playing football, rugby and cricket and also enjoyed swimming. 
         WHEELCHAIR RUGBY RULES      Teams of  four  play on a basketball court   Score by  carrying  the ball over the opponents' goal line   Ball must be  bounced  once every 10 seconds   Four  eight-minute  quarters and the clock stops whenever the ball is deemed out of play   A typical match lasts about  one hour           
 In 1997 I broke my neck in a scrum, which left me paralysed from the chest down. 
 It was during my rehabilitation that I discovered wheelchair rugby. Someone told me about it while I was in hospital and when I left I started training with a London club. 
 The game was difficult to pick up at first, but I had lots of encouragement. Like anything, the more I played the more I learned. 
 Wheelchair rugby is still a relatively small sport. The GB squad is quite small and we're all very good friends. 
 Our training is split between court sessions, weights, skill sessions and a bit of swimming. 
 When we're not training together, we're expected to duplicate the sessions on our own. In total I spend about five days a week in training. 
 Injuries permitting, it's possible that I could carry on playing until I'm 40. Once I've finished, I'd definitely look at going into coaching. 
 I've already done a bit of work with the GB Development squad and there are some good new players coming through. 
 We have a very good development system and our newer players are getting coached very well. 
 A lot of guys with spinal injuries play our sport, so many of them won't have been in a wheelchair long. The youngest players in wheelchair rugby tend to be aged 16-23.  
  