Cornelius Lysaght: Inside Track

           By Cornelius Lysaght  BBC racing correspondent        
   FAREWELL TO BRILLIANT MATEY, HELLO RACING DEMON?   
 Proof of why it was as much the likeable people that surrounded Best Mate as the charismatic horse himself that the public so adored came soon after his death at Exeter. 
 Speaking on BBC Radio Five Live, colourful owner Jim Lewis tearfully emphasised his pride in all that "Matey" had achieved. 
                 
 And, in a characteristically memorable phrase, he added, in those distinctive Brummie tones: "Think of this: he'll soon be up there in the sky, finding Arkle [the previous three-time Cheltenham Gold Cup winner], racing against him, and beating him." 
 Lewis and his wife Valerie, and trainer Henrietta Knight and her husband Terry Biddlecombe, have been equal stars of this golden chapter in jump racing's rich history. 
 Meanwhile, the coverage that Best Mate's death received in the non-racing media has been little short of astonishing. 
 One gnarled editor at the BBC explained: "Of course we are doing plenty on him. He's about the only horse that I have ever heard of." 
 So now that he's gone, we had better find another one. And would it not be fitting if it could be a Knight-trained horse, perhaps Racing Demon, a winner on that otherwise dreadful day at Exeter, who has the look of a star in the making? 
   McMANUS BROADENS HORIZONS FOR REVO   
 Owner JP McManus' racing empire is making a rare move into the North of England. 
 The multi-millionaire Irish businessman has spent "an undisclosed sum" on the talented dual-purpose horse King Revo. 
 Regularly, McManus' purchases are moved to one of his established trainers, often Jonjo O'Neill, but this one stays with the redoubtable Patrick Haslam at Middleham, North Yorkshire. 
 Not only is King Revo a talented handicap hurdler but, pricelessly, he can also be relied upon in good Flat races. 
 Just the other day in the ever-competitive Cesarewitch Handicap at Newmarket, he defied an apparently awful draw in the stalls to finish a close runner-up. 
 A crack at the Chester Cup on the Flat in May is a possibility, though jumping-orientated McManus may be tempted to kick on over steeplechase fences. 
   DIVA SUCCESS SPARKS SEARCH IN THE WEST   
 Makybe Diva, brilliant winner of the Melbourne Cup, has her roots in the West Country, where she was foaled, before being offered, unsuccessfully, for auction at Newmarket Sales. 
 Now, as the latest hunt begins to find a horse that could at last bring Australia's best-known prize back to Britain, the solution may lie elsewhere in the West of England, namely Cullompton. 
 Devon-based Rod Millman could aim Sergeant Cecil, his star stayer, at the 2006 race. 
 Millman skilfully trained Sergeant Cecil to land all three of the big long distance handicaps this summer, and looks like the ideal type, in terms of ability and toughness, for Melbourne.  