Woosnam voices Ryder Cup concern

   Ryder Cup captain Ian Woosnam fears he could face problems if leading European players continue to compete extensively in the United States next year.  
 Woosnam said: "There must be a dozen key players playing the US Tour at the moment. It's a bit of a predicament. 
 "I'm worried how the team may work out if the guys keep playing in America. 
 "It's only five from the world rankings and five from Europe - with the amount over there there could be too many trying to qualify via the world table." 
 The rules were changed shortly before last year's competition to allow players to earn points via the world rankings rather than just through the European Tour's Order of Merit. 
          Hopefully a lot of them will change their schedules and play a bit more over here      Ian Woosnam        Five automatic berths are allocated to each qualification method, with the captain selected two wildcards to make up the 12-strong team. 
 Woosnam was speaking at the Castello di Tolcinasco course near Milan before competing in this week's Italian Open. 
 But most of the triumphant European Ryder Cup team from Oakland Hills have based themselves in the US this season, having been handed temporary memberships of the American tour. 
 "Hopefully a lot of them will change their schedules and play a bit more over here," Woosnam said. 
               Ireland's Padraig Harrington and Spain's Sergio Garcia, both ranked in the world's top 10, head a list of Europeans competing in the US this year. 
 Darren Clarke, Luke Donald, Ian Poulter, Lee Westwood, David Howell, Paul Casey and Thomas Levet are also playing on the PGA Tour. 
               Graeme McDowell is another European plying his trade in the US, although the Northern Irishman, who came close to earning a Ryder Cup debut last year, has taken a break from the PGA Tour to defend his Italian Open title this week. 
 McDowell has almost certainly done enough to earn his PGA Tour card for next season but said he would "put my trust in my manager" to arrange his schedule to give him the best chance of qualifying for the Ryder Cup. 
 The 36th Ryder Cup will be played at the K Club in Ireland from 22-24 September next year. 
  