Heavyweight letdown

      By Alex Trickett  BBC Sport at London's Excel Arena        
                  It had been hyped as the biggest British heavyweight fight for 12 years.  
 But for nine rounds, Audley Harrison v Danny Williams fell embarrassingly short of that billing. 
 Harrison brought little to the ring except a tentative southpaw jab. 
 And while Williams at least showed some adventure, sporadically coming at his opponent en route to a deserved points victory, neither fighter rewarded the 15,000 sell-out crowd. 
 As early as round two, boos echoed around the Excel Arena in Docklands, in response to long spells of complete inactivity. 
 Chants of "what a load of rubbish" at the end of round nine were only broken by cheers for a shapely "cardgirl" - in the employ of a well-known gentleman's lapdance club. 
 And then a strange thing happened. 
 From the depths of a dismal contest a genuinely exciting finale exploded to life. 
 First Williams crumpled Harrison with big right hand in the 10th, sending him to the canvas for the first time in his pro career. 
 And then Harrison picked himself up and showed heart to rattle Williams in the 11th with a flurry of his own. 
 Any outcome was possible in the final round, as the protagonists took turns to launch tired but valiant assaults. 
                 
 And then it was suddenly over, Williams victorious by a split decision, although this spectator had him a clear winner. 
 There is no indication that there will be a rematch, but if one does follow it should be scheduled for three rounds and not a minute more. 
 Even Williams admitted afterwards that the bout had been "boring" until the last exchanges. 
 At the post-fight press conference, the 32-year-old - who limped in with an ankle injury - showed few signs of the euphoria that accompanied his shock knockout of Mike Tyson in 2004. 
 "I've proved that I'm the guv'nor. Audley is an expert talker and if I'd lost, I would have had to move to Dubai to escape him," said Williams, assured of bragging rights in the capital city. 
 Where next though for Harrison? 
 The exiled Londoner will head back to his base in Las Vegas - not to the middle east - to consider his next move. Brash and bold by nature, Harrison cut an unusually quiet figure after his loss. 
 Nursing his own injury, a swollen left knuckle that he said had left him "one-handed" for most of the fight, the 34-year-old tried to find some positives. 
 "That was not vintage Audley Harrison and that is credit to Danny to an extent. I got knocked down, but got up and lost a split decision," he said. 
 "I'll take this like a man and come back stronger. One loss does not end anyone's career." 
 Somehow, though, his words lacked conviction, just as his boxing did for 90% of the fight. 
 His doubters will shout louder than ever now, while those who predicted that he would become a world champion in 2006 will fall quiet. 
 As for Williams, he is firmly back in the world picture and is now set to fight British champion Matt Skelton next February or March, a match that was meant to take place in July before Williams withdrew at the last minute. 
 Victory over Skelton could clinch him another world title shot. Not bad for the man who was urged to retire after being turned into a human punchbag by Vitali Klitschko. 
  