Optimistic Audley out to rebuild

               Beaten heavyweight Audley Harrison believes he can turn his career around after suffering his first professional loss to Danny Williams on Saturday.  
 The former Olympic champion was loudly booed for much of the fight at London's Excel Arena and showed little ambition. 
 But he believes he can re-ignite public interest following a dismal showing. 
 "The boos will come at some point but they always turn around in the end. We all saw what went on with Chris Eubank - it will change," said Harrison.   
 But former world middleweight champion Eubank delivered a scathing appraisal of Harrison's split decision loss to Williams. 
 "To be considered a boxer is an honour and I don't know that Audley Harrison can be considered a boxer," Eubank told BBC Five Live. 
          Harrison will dwindle away and never be seen again      Danny Williams          
 "Boxing's about showing honour, valour and integrity, but Harrison has been spoilt from the start and his desire has been killed." 
 Promoter Frank Warren added that Harrison did "not have what it takes to be a world-class heavyweight". 
 "You can't fool the public. He didn't fight like a guy who wanted to be a champion. 
 "Audley needs to do something to convince the public. They booed him and that's a great shame. Here's a guy that won Olympic gold for Britain. 
 "If Audley had come with me in the first place, maybe his career would be in a better place by now. It was an accident waiting to happen." 
 Former Olympic champion Harrison, 34, claimed he was hampered by a hand injury from the third round onwards, and has vowed to bounce back. 
 But he will have his work cut out to convince the sceptics after showing little aggression, and was floored for the first time in his career in the 10th round. 
 Williams is now lining up a fight with Matt Skelton, who he had been due to fight in July before pulling out with illness. 
 And he played down any talk of a rematch with Harrison. 
 "He has no heart - he was actually running away," said Williams. "He will dwindle away and never be seen again."  