Gypsy King claims Chester success

   The favourite Gypsy King got up at the line to land the Dee Stakes at Chester after a photo-finish.  
 The 2-1 shot, ridden by Kieren Fallon and trained by Aidan O'Brien, hit the front in the final stride for a narrow win over the 33-1 chance Im Sparticus. 
 Gypsy King, in only his second race, made a very slow start and looked in trouble early on. 
 But Fallon kept his mount in touch, making his move around the final turn and finishing fast on the outside. 
 Zalongo finished a length and a half further back in third. 
 Trainer Aidan O'Brien admitted he was surprised by Gypsy King's success around the Roodee. 
 "The horse had a big setback and then when we tried to get him back, the whole country got flooded," he said. 
 "That was why we came here really, for some respectable ground, and we could get some kind of a guide. Also the first time he ran, there were no stalls, so it was a real finding-out mission. 
 "We haven't got ground at home that we can do fast work on, so I thought it was a big call for him, and Kieren gave him a great ride. 
 "He is definitely a possible for Epsom. He certainly falls into that bracket now." 
  Day Flight  , ridden by Richard Hughes, overcame trouble in running to land the day's other Group race, the  Ormonde Stakes  . 
 The 85-40 second favourite was settled in midfield through the early stages, but had the door shut in his face when starting to make ground heading out of the back straight. 
 However, another gap appeared entering the home straight and he easily went through it to beat the front-running Shabernak by half a length. 
 The stewards called an inquiry following the race, looking into possible interference involving Distinction, who was hampered and stumbled turning for home but the placings remained unaltered. 
  Dee Stakes (1m 2½f)    1.  Gypsy King (K Fallon) 2-1f   2.  Im Sparticus (J Spencer) 33-1   3.  Zalongo (R Winston) 7-2   9 ran. Dist: sh-hd, 1¼  
  Ormonde Stakes    1.  Day Flight (R Hughes) 85-40f   2.  Shabernak (JP Spencer) 16-1   3.  Acropolis (K Fallon) 11-10f   8 ran. Dist: ½, 1   