Webster completes Italian job

        FINAL LEADERBOARD      GB&Ire unless stated    -18  St Webster   -15  B Dredge, R Finch, A Hansen (Den)   -14  E Canonica (Ita)   -10  G F-Castano (Spa), S Kahn, A McLardy (SA), J Spence        England's Steve Webster clinched his maiden European Tour title with victory in the Italian Open in Milan.  
 The 30-year-old closed with a 68 for 18 under to beat countryman Richard Finch, Denmark's Anders Hansen and Wales' Bradley Dredge by three strokes. 
 Webster held a one-shot lead over Finch after round three, and despite two dropped shots on the front nine, he stayed clear with six birdies. 
 Finch carded 70, Dredge handed in a 69 and Hansen fired the low round of 66. 
 "It's amazing," said Webster, who lost a play-off to Retief Goosen for the 2001 Madrid Open. 
 "I started the week pretty confident but you never know until the weekend. 
          He can click his fingers and get a rabbit out of your trousers      Steve Webster on his 'mind magician'        
 "I did feel I was going to win but it's so hard to keep concentrating. 
 "Of course I've under-achieved on Tour. Ten years is a long time and when I look at players who have done well - no names mentioned - I know I am better than them." 
 The Warwickshire pro, five times a runner-up and playing his 247th Tour event, has been helped by "mind magician" Jamil Qureshi. 
 "He's really got me focused," he said. "I've seen him every day this week. 
 "He can click his fingers and get a rabbit out of your trousers, but we work on feelings when I've played well and it's all about positives, vibes and pre-shot routine. 
           It's about time. Webster is another underachiever in my opinion. Good swing, but never lived up to it!    From Vince B       
 "It's just a matter of getting the mind right and Jamil can almost put me under." 
 Webster, top amateur at the 1995 Open ahead of Tiger Woods, birdied the first but dropped shots at the third and eighth before picking up five birdies from the turn. 
 Up ahead, Dredge was only one behind on the last tee, but pulled an iron into the lake and bogeyed, while Webster birdied 17.  