Framewatch: Hendry v Davis

  Match result: (best of 17 frames)  
 S HENDRY (Sco) 6-9 S DAVIS (Eng) 
 0-94 52-55 53-64 0-67 36-78 72-1 (52) 24-67 (57) 4-87 (87) 65-23 27-75 (75) 65-16 61-39 130-0 (130) 76-25 59-66 (66) 
 
 
  
  Frame-by-frame:  
  Frame 15:  Davis seals the match with a classic rearguard break. He falls 59 behind but a missed black lets him in. And Davis shows why he is a six-time world champion to clear with a 66. The Nugget mops his brow in relief as a packed York arena cheer him from the table. 
  Frame 14:  Hendry rues his luck when a bad kick costs him position, but Davis wobbles the pink in the pocket on his counter-attack. Hendry needs no third invitation to close within two frames. 
  Frame 13:  Davis' heart may be pounding a bit faster now. His missed long pot lets in Hendry, who rattles in the first century of the match, a majestic 130. 
  Frame 12:  Hendry takes a frame that both players had the chance to win to force more play after the mid-session interval. He is playing below his best, but can never be ruled out and is starting to show resilience and grit. The York crowd are just happy to have more snooker to watch. 
  Frame 11:  Hendry hits back with a 49, but uncharacteristically slides out of position. For once, Davis is not able to punish his profligacy and the Scot takes the frame. 
  Frame 10:  Hendry gets the first opportunity, but Davis takes the last. He is made to work hard for his break of 75, but it puts him within a frame of his 100th career final. Hendry is frustrated with himself - he claps his hands after one miss and jetisons the rest under the table following another. 
  Frame nine:  The semi-final resumes and Hendry does what he has to do by closing the gap on a couple of semi-solid visits to the table. In his bid to play for four snookers, Davis accidentally pots the yellow and snookers himself before conceding the frame. 
  Frame eight:  The crowd cheers loudly as veteran Davis moves within two frames of a sensational trip to the final. His snooker is not flawless, but he closes out with a gritty break of 87 to take a commanding match lead. 
  Frame seven:  A Hendry miss lets Davis in again. This time he fails to wrap up the frame at one visit, but his 57 represents a reasonable lead. Hendry spurns his chance and slips five frames behind again. 
  Frame six:  Hendry gets in first, but his break ends disappointingly at 52. An inspired plant by Davis pays no dividends and Hendry lands his first frame. 
  Frame Five:   Davis produces a break of 32 to claim another frame dominated by safety exchanges. 
  Frame Four:   Davis misses a simple black after a break of 33, although there were suggestions of a kick. After a prolonged safety duel Davis flukes a red for the second frame in a row but then has to play a safety. 
 However, Hendry cannot take advantage and Davis returns to the table to wrap up the frame and take a healthy lead into the mid-session interval. 
  Frame Three:   Trailing 53-36 Davis flukes the final red and clears to the blue before playing a safety. Hendry's subsequent safety is poor and Davis sinks the pink in the top right-hand pocket to take a 3-0 lead. 
  Frame Two:   Davis misses an easy pink into the middle to open the door for Hendry but the Scot loses position on the final black and misses the subsequent yellow. 
 Davis needs no further invitation to close out a scrappy frame by clearing the colours to take a 2-0 lead. 
  Frame One:   After Davis breaks, Hendry makes a poor start as he pots the white while trying to sink a long red on his first visit to the table. 
 That lets in Davis for a break of 45, Hendry then immediately misses a risky red and Davis accepts the chance to claim the first frame of the match. 
 
 
  