Framewatch: Davis v Ding

  UK Championship final result: (best of 19 frames)  
 S DAVIS (Eng) 6-10 D JUNHUI (Chn) 
 61-23 40-72 8-133 (111) 61-33 15-92 124-0 (81) 0-81 (81) 44-80 45-90 53-45 34-78 (77) 0-137 (52 and 78) 72-8 (72) 22-75 75-24 (74) 44-52 
 
 
  
 
  Frame-by-frame:  
  Frame 16:  Ding looks to be approaching the winning post, but he misses a fairly easy black on 38 and gives Davis a chance to save the match. It becomes another long tactical frame and Davis is let down by his long potting again. Ding clears to the pink and although Davis does return to the table looking for a snooker, it is asking too much of the wily old champion and Ding is the new UK champion. 
  Frame 15:  Does Davis think this match is over? Not a bit of it. He fires in a break of 74 to take command of the frame. Ding makes a bold attempt to land the required snookers, but his attempt is ultimately in vain. 
  Frame 14:  Davis is being willed on by a vociferous crowd, but he has one major failing. Time and again, he gets in first, but does not score heavily enough. On this occasion, his return for a great long red is just 22 points. Ding does not clinch in one visit, but a break of 42 is enough to put him with a frame of a famous win. 
  Frame 13:  Davis shows characteristic grit and determination to rattle in a break of 72 to reduce his arrears. He still has a slim chance in this final because Ding continues to go for his shots and is starting to miss a few. 
  Frame 12:  Things are starting to look desperate for Davis. Ding gets in among the balls again and races away with the last frame before the mid-session interval. 
  Frame 11:  Ding is showing signs of fallibility, missing the odd pot for a change. But Davis misses a routine blue to the middle pocket and his Chinese opponent clears up in style with a 77. 
  Frame 10:   Davis experiences some bad luck in his opening break of 21 and later spurns a glorious chance by missing a simple pink. But he gets an unexpected reprieve and clears the colours to reduce his deficit. 
  Frame nine:   The evening crowd get right behind Davis, but the veteran inexplicably gives up 24 penalty points when it appears that he can see a red. The players then become involved in a lengthy safety exchange and it is Ding who eventually comes out on top with some superbly-judged shots to the baulk cushion. This compelling frame takes a full 40 minutes. 
  Frame eight:  Yet again both players fail to build big breaks due to errors and a tricky pack of reds that prove problematic to split. Davis seems to be making a charge with some superb potting but misses a simple red to the corner, much to the frustration of the York audience. Ding cleans up and will go into the evening session two frames clear. 
  Frame seven:  Ding takes the lead again thanks to a commanding 81 break, the highlight of which sees the world number 62 skilfully split a pack of reds to keep the break going. 
  Frame six:  Davis looks more settled but does not get the rub of the green at vital points. Ding makes a costly safety error and Davis digs in to clear with a break of 81, his first significant break of the match. 
  Frame five:  Ding looks to have sealed the frame early when he notches up a 41 break on his first visit only to make an uncharacteristic error. Davis is let back in but cannot take advantage and after another lengthy period of safety play, Ding sinks another long red on his way to clearing the table. 
  Frame four:  Another messy frame in which both players fail to capitalise on good opportunities. Ding gets among the balls and looks to be building a frame-winning breaks but poor positioning lets in Davis who does enough to level the contest at the interval. 
  Frame three:  With the balls well spread, Davis misses a relatively easy red to the bottom corner allowing Ding an inviting chance to clear with an impressive break of 111. The Chinese star is growing in confidence in this match while errors are creeping into Davis' game. 
  Frame two:  Ding levels the contest after a lengthy safety-dominated frame. He moves into an unassailable lead with the help of a finely cut red to the corner pocket and although Davis tries to keep the frame going with just three balls on the table, Ding finally sinks the blue to make the score 1-1. 
  Frame one:   A scrappy opening which unsurprisingly sees both players suffering with nerves. Ding looks to be clawing back Davis' early lead but an error allows his veteran opponent to take the first frame. 
 
 
 Former world champion Steve Davis and teenage sensation Ding Junhui do battle in one of the most eagerly anticipated finals in a long time. 
 Davis, a six-time world champion, is competing in his 100th final and is chasing a title he last won in 1987. 
 Ding, 18, has been in superb form in York and has beaten Joe Perry, Paul Hunter and Jimmy White among others to reach the final. 
  