Bjorn wins Masters after play-off

        FINAL LEADERBOARD      GB&Ire unless stated    -6  Thomas Bjorn (Den), David Howell, Brian Davis  -  5  Michael Campbell (NZ)   -4  Steve Webster, Simon Khan, Soren Hansen (Den)   Selected others:    -3  Darren Clarke   level  Ian Poulter   +2  Colin Montgomerie   +4  Paul McGinley   +8  Lee Westwood        Denmark's Thomas Bjorn won the British Masters after beating England's David Howell and Brian Davis in a play-off.  
 The trio finished on six under par, one ahead of overnight leader Michael Campbell, who carded a frustrating 73. 
 Davis went out with a bogey at the first extra hole and then Howell did the same on the next after failing to get up and down from a bunker. 
 It was Bjorn's eighth European Tour victory and his first since the BMW International Open in 2002. 
 "It's been a long time coming," said the 34-year-old. 
 "I kept perfectly cool over the whole weekend and in the end it paid off. I don't think I've been as relaxed as I was over those two play-off holes. 
 "I actually try to come out and have a laugh and enjoy myself and try to take the good with the bad. I am just happy playing the game the way I am." 
 For Howell, though, it was the second time he had allowed the British Masters title to slip from his grasp, having lost a four-man play-off to Thomas Levet in 2001. 
          Today was a bit of a downer - it was there for the taking, but maybe I was pushing too hard too soon"      Michael Campbell        
 The Englishman appeared to have the tournament won when he chipped in for eagle on the long 17th. 
 But he missed the green on 18 to bogey for a final round of three-under 69. 
 Bjorn had already posted a 68, also eagling the 17th with a 12-foot putt. 
 Davis, who had been forcing the pace until he dropped a shot on 15, birdied the 17th and safely made par on the awkward last hole for a 69. 
 Further down the leaderboard, Ian Poulter fired a superb closing round of 64 to come within a stroke of the Forest of Arden course record he shares with Colin Montgomerie. 
 He was the first player of the week to hand in an unblemished card and reached level par overall. 
  