Cornelius Lysaght: Inside Track

           By Cornelius Lysaght  BBC racing correspondent        
   GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY FOR OUTSIDER?   
 Trevor Hemmings, owner of rising star steeplechaser Trabolgan, told me that he felt like he owned a Rolls Royce, but had lost the key, when the horse was injured before Christmas. 
                 We all now know the sensation, with Kicking King joining Hemmings' Hennessy Gold Cup winner as a Cheltenham Gold Cup absentee because he too has hurt himself. 
 Factor in the death of three-time winner Best Mate and the disappointing last run of Kingscliff, and, perhaps, we have only a shadow of the race's former self. 
 The news Inglis Drever will not be fit to defend his World Hurdle title and that last year's Champion Hurdle runner-up Harchibald is a big doubt for the renewal of that race further clouds the Festival picture. 
 With ten weeks to go before Gold Cup day (17 March), the leading contenders for the blue riband all have question marks - of varying sizes, admittedly - against them. 
 Kingscliff was pulled up behind Kicking King at Sandown, and must come back; Beef Or Salmon doesn't appear to relish Cheltenham; Monkerhostin may not be Gold Cup class; War Of Attrition might opt for a different Festival race; Ollie Magern has been out of sorts. 
 As a result, last season's 25-1 runner-up Take The Stand and the Grand National winner Hedgehunter (also owned by Hemmings) are rated 'leading contenders' when normally they wouldn't be. The same applies to One Knight. 
 Of course, every cloud has a silver lining, and this situation offers an opportunity for a less well known name to rise to the challenge: Joaaci maybe. 
 A very comfortable success for Joaaci at Cheltenham on 1 January left me thinking new year, new star. 
 Carrying top weight and racing over the Gold Cup distance this ex-Irish point-to-pointer, trained by Martin Pipe for owner David Johnson, was most impressive under jockey Timmy Murphy. 
 So, my first two acts of 2006 were to take a bit of the 25-1 available about him for Cheltenham, and (more importantly) to add his name into the spelling bank on my computer. I will be writing much more about him. 
   A SAD LOSS   
 How different this season's Gold Cup looks compared to 1989 when the flying grey, Desert Orchid, narrowly beat Yahoo in an epic finish. 
 All of us seemed to be cheering home Dessie, with the honourable exception of George Ennor, then chief correspondent on the Racing Post, who had backed Yahoo. 
 George died this week, aged only 65, after a long battle against cancer. 
 After the race on that wet March afternoon, he later joked on a Radio Five Live programme that he was squeaking, like a mouse, as the roar went up for Desert Orchid. 
 If mouse-like then, it was the only time: George was a lion of a racing journalist and friend, and will be missed immeasurably. 
  