Thomas ready for Australia effort

      by Elizabeth Hudson        
   Paralympian Stephen Thomas is hoping to help Great Britain to more sailing success in 2006.  
 The Bridgend sailor will link up with crewmates John Robertson and Hannah Stodel to defend their World Disabled title in Australia from 19-25 January. 
 The trio earned glory in the Sonar category in Denmark last August. 
 "It's a shame we have to go and defend the title after only winning it a short time ago but we will give it our best chance in Perth," said Thomas.  
 It is the start of a busy period for Thomas, who will then go on to represent Great Britain in the sledge hockey event at the Winter Paralympics in Turin in March. 
 As well as the Sonar crew, GB has five entries in the single-person 2.4mR class, including Helena Lucas and Megan Pascoe, fourth and fifth respectively last year, as well as Brian Harding, Andrew Millband and Michael Cogswell. 
 The regatta will consist of 11 races with two races per day and one on the final day but Thomas and his crewmates have kept busy since their success in Denmark. 
          The nearest thing I had got to a boat before getting involved with this was the ferry to Holyhead      Paralympic sailor Stephen Thomas        
 "After the World Championships we did a couple of able-bodied competitions and then had some down-time," said Thomas. 
 "Since then we have had some winter training in Weymouth with the other GB sailors but because the boat went out to Perth at the end of November, we have been concentrating on gym work since then. 
 "Conditions in Australia will be quite windy with speeds of 15-20 knots and temperatures around 30C so we will be racing later in the day. 
 "Weymouth can get quite windy in the winter so we are used to that but we need to have some strategies to cope with the heat - keeping well hydrated and staying out of the heat where necessary. 
 "We competed in Athens at the World Championships in 2003 and the Paralympics in 2004 so we have had an insight into some of the strategies we can use to combat heat. 
   
 "We will put some of them into practice and there are also a few things we are keeping up our sleeves." 
 Thomas, who is a double amputee below the knee after suffering meningococcal septicaemia in 1996, linked up with Robertson and Stodel in 2003 and despite being a newcomer to the sport, has made a big impact. 
 "The nearest thing I had got to a boat before was the ferry to Holyhead but I was asked to try out because they needed someone with my disability and physical qualities and within nine months I had won bronze at the world championships," he said. 
 "The other two are experienced sailors but my role on the boat is to use my weight, physical size and power to good effect. 
 "Hannah does a lot of the tactics and John is a great motivator and encourages us and is calm under pressure. 
 "I've learnt bits along the way but I'm nowhere near the finished product as a sailor." 
  