Hendry slumps to Wembley defeat

  World number two Stephen Hendry lost 6-4 to fellow Scot Alan McManus in the second round of The Masters at Wembley.  
 Hendry, a six-time winner of the event, led 4-2 at one stage but gave up four frames in a row to bow out. 
 McManus, who won the title in 1994 when he beat Hendry 9-8 in a memorable final, had breaks of 99 and 52 in two of the last three frames. 
 And in Tuesday's late game, Graeme Dott beat Wales' Matthew Stevens 6-3 to claim his first win in almost a year.  
          I've not beaten Stephen for ages, so it was great to perform out there again in the big arena      Alan McManus        McManus, who will play Welshman Mark Williams in the last eight, said: "It's a great win to have under your belt. I always enjoy playing Stephen and feel comfortable playing him. 
 "For some reason I don't feel under pressure. I'm probably the only one expecting myself to win against him. 
 "When it went 4-2 I thought he'd run away with the match, but I got some chances and took them. 
 "I've not beaten Stephen for ages, so it was great to perform out there again in the big arena." 
 Dott, the world number 13, was also delighted with his victory - his first anywhere since beating Scottish compatriot Stephen Maguire at the Masters in February. 
 "I played really well. I've been through bad runs before, but this bad patch has been really bad," said Dott, who won four frames in a row to clinch victory. 
          If I play like that I've got a chance of winning the title      Graeme Dott        "You try not to get depressed about it, but I was depressed about it. I'm just glad to have won." 
 Stevens started well, winning the first frame with abreak of 41. But Dott levelled with a 48 break and then went 2-1 ahead thanks to a break of 96. 
 Stevens levelled at 2-2, before compiling a superb 89 to go ahead for the second time. 
 Dott then knocked in an 89 of his own - before adding breaks of 53, 102 and 116. 
 "If I play like that I've got a chance of winning the title," said Dott.  