Cornelius Lysaght: Inside Track

           By Cornelius Lysaght  BBC racing correspondent        
   CHELTENHAM'S MAIN ATTRACTION   
 We all know that ante-post betting this season is proving to be as barmy as public figures speaking to sheikhs who could be fakes. 
   With Best Mate, Kicking King, Trabolgan, Harchibald and Inglis Drever all out of the Cheltenham Festival, only the bookies are happy. Generally the picture seems unfathomable. 
 However, for me there is still one horse that stands out, and I have duly taken a plunge into the early betting cauldron. 
 It is Impek in the new Ryanair Chase on day three, a race staged over a distance just a little short of two-and-three-quarter miles. 
 To me, Impek has a bit of everything: Tony McCoy probably on board, the right distance (his stamina failed in the longer King George VI Chase), startling improvement this season and, crucially, the Knight factor. 
 Yes, trainer Henrietta and her husband Terry Biddlecombe are back with another big one, again for the late Best Mate's owner Jim Lewis. 
 Not only is Knight as accomplished a trainer as any but, if anyone can keep her charge sound, it is her. 
 As recent events have shown, getting Best Mate to Cheltenham in one piece for his three Gold Cups was actually as remarkable as winning them. 
 Impek and McCoy will fly around Cheltenham, and the rest will not see them go. 
 I think there's still a tiny bit of the 5-1 offered by Irish firm Cashmans after my visit and that's value because there's no way he'll be those sort of odds on the day. 
   BHB FAIL TO SEE SENSE   
 Few in my profession are fans of the British Horseracing Board (BHB) mainly because we are never quite sure what most of its officials do. 
   However, all are agreed that from their glossy offices, high above London's Theatreland in Shaftesbury Avenue, they are the sport's impresarios. 
 Yet, for the second year running, they have seemingly gone out of their way to reap confusion and, among the media, despair. 
 Everyone agrees that Jamie Spencer was champion flat jockey last season, and Hayley Turner and Saleem Golam shared the apprentices' title. Well, not quite everyone. 
 The BHB has declared Kieren Fallon and estimable apprentice Philip Makin the respective winners because its judgement is based on prize money and not races won. 
 The same thing happened when Frankie Dettori was successful in more races than anyone else during the 2004 Flat season on turf. 
 For goodness sake, BHB, you are meant to market racing and champions are one of the foundations of marketing, to be latched onto. 
 And here we have three fresh, eminently marketable names in Spencer, Turner (GB racing's first woman champion) and Golam (the first from the country's Muslim community), and what do you do? You mess it all up. 
 True, a review is underway, but this was a classic case of looking a gift horse in the mouth. Shameful. 
  