Wiggins dreaming of London glory

      By Matt Majendie        
   Bradley Wiggins believes winning next year's Tour de France prologue in London is potentially bigger than Olympic gold.  
 On Tuesday London officially won the bid to host the start of the 2007 Tour. 
 Wiggins, who was born and raised in the capital, told BBC Sport: "This is huge for me - potentially bigger than the Olympics and a dream come true. 
 "To win in front of my crowd and lead the Tour has now got to be my main objective for the next two years."  
 The 25-year-old began his career as a track cyclist, culminating in his gold medal in the 4km individual pursuit in Greece last year, where he also won a silver and a bronze. 
 But he has since switched his attentions to road cycling, with victory in this year's prologue his aim for 2006. 
          He deserves his chance to come back - he's served his time and he's learned his lesson      Bradley Wiggins on David Millar at the Tour        However, he said: "To do that this year would be amazing but London's where I'm from and winning it there would be huge. 
 "The fact that London has won the bid to host the start of the Tour is almost too good to be true. 
 "It's quite a scary prospect to think that in my career I'm going to have the possibility of leading the Tour de France and winning Olympic gold (in 2012) in London." 
 This will be the third time the race has visited English soil - it ventured to Plymouth in 1974 and then the south coast in 1994 - but the first time it has been to the capital. 
 Twelve years ago, almost three million people are believed to have watched the Tour's brief foray into England. 
         ENGLAND'S TOUR HISTORY     1974:  Plymouth to Plymouth (163.7km) - Stage won by Holland's Henk Poppe    1994:  Dover to Brighton (204.5km) - Stage won by Francisco Cabello    1994:  Portsmouth to Portsmouth (187km) - Nicola Minali sealed the stage win    2007:  London wins right to host 2007 Tour start          And Wiggins added: "There will be even more people out - whether it's the big cycling fans or even those who've just popped out to the shops for a pint of milk and suddenly caught a piece of the action. 
 "The whole city will be closed down for the day and it'll also go past my mother's house in Victoria. It's almost like it's meant to be." 
 Wiggins is likely to face competition from some of cycling's biggest names, including fellow countryman David Millar, who will this summer return from his two-year drug ban. 
 And Wiggins insisted he would welcome back his former Olympic team-mate. 
 "He deserves his chance to come back," he said. "He's served his time and he's learned his lesson. He will have been out two years by the time he comes back - that's a long enough sentence. 
 "Come London in 2007, we will have two British people battling for the win. That's great for British cycling. 
 "To have someone from this country winning the prologue in London is amazing enough - to have a potential British one-two is massive."  