Mistry claims Wimbledon success

      By Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport at Wimbledon        
                  British number one Jayant Mistry and his French partner Michael Jeremiasz claimed victory in the final of Wimbledon's wheelchair tennis event.  
 The pair defeated Australian David Hall and Martin Legner of Austria 4-6 6-3 7-6 in a thrilling encounter. 
 After losing the first set, they battled back superbly in the second set to force a decider. 
 Although both Hall and Legner served for the match, the Anglo French pairing held strong to claim a historic win. 
 There was little between the players in the opening set but Jeremiasz lost his serve to make it 4-4 and when Hall held in the next game, the pressure was on Mistry. 
 But at 15-40, Legner put away an impressive forehand smash to take the set. 
 Jeremiasz and Mistry recovered their composure in the second set and with both pairings coming up with some skillful rallies and neat touches at the net, the crowd on Court 14 were thrilled. 
          You couldn't have scripted that better      Jayant Mistry        
 Both Hall and Legner lost their serve at the end of the set for their opponents to win it 6-3 and secure a third set. 
 The deciding set swung both ways with Hall losing serve at 5-4 ahead and then Legner repeating the feat at 6-5, thanks to an impressive Mistry overhead at break point. 
 Hall and Legner led 5-2 in the resulting tie-break but Jeremiasz came up with some big points and Mistry benefitted from a lucky net cord at match point to his opponents. 
 The let-off seemed to lift Mistry and Jeremiasz who then went 7-6 ahead and when Martin Legner went wide on the next point it sparked wild celebrations. 
 The competition was the first ever wheelchair tennis tournament to be held on grass. 
 "You couldn't have scripted that better," said a delighted Mistry after the game. "This is certainly one of the highlights of my career. 
 "It was annoying to lose that opening set but for us to come back from that shows a lot of character." 
 Jeremiasz, the world number one doubles player, was also delighted with his success on the Wimbledon grass. 
 "That was one of our best and our toughest matches together," he said. 
 "Both pairings played so well and it was great for the promotion of the game to come up with such an exciting match." 
 The third and fourth place play-off was won by Dutch duo Maikel Scheffers and Ronald Vink, who defeated Lahcen Majdi of France and Mirolsav Brychta of the Czech Republic 7-5 6-3. 
 
  