Mistry's magic

      By Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport at Wimbledon         Wimbledon wheelchair doubles champion Jayant Mistry was on top of the world after his narrow victory in Sunday's final.  
                 The Leicester man and his French partner Michael Jeremiasz defeated Australian David Hall and Martin Legner of Austria in three tight sets 4-6 6-3 7-6. 
 "I don't think I have words to describe how I feel at the moment," said Mistry after his success. "I've been playing tennis for 20 years and this is the highlight of my career. 
 "It's a great feeling and I'm almost speechless - which doesn't happen too often! 
 "My mum came down here to see the match as well as my brother and sister-in-law and their children and it meant a lot to have them watching from the sidelines cheering me on. 
 "I always believed Michael and I would win and losing never crossed our minds, even when we were at match point down in the third set tie-break. 
          I want to sit on Mistry Mountain at Wimbledon and have a glass of champagne      Jayant Mistry        
 "Michael has an amazing forehand. It is a very dangerous weapon and creates all sorts of pressure for opponents." 
 Mistry, the current world number six in the doubles, knows what is like to win on the big stage after success in the 2002 Classic 8's at the Australian Open, the first Grand Slam to host a wheelchair tournament, but he admitted that this win meant a lot to him. 
 "When this tournament was announced I knew I had a good chance of winning it. 
 "Next year, when I come back to Wimbledon, I'm going to sit on Mistry Mountain and have a glass of champagne." 
 Jeremiasz, a talented junior player before a skiing accident, has only been playing the wheelchair game for four years and was delighted to have played his part in the win. 
 "Jayant is my best friend on the tour and although it means a lot to me to win this title, I know it means more to him as his home Grand Slam," he said. 
 "I'm happy that I can make him happy and maybe more famous. 
 "I'm going to the French Wheelchair Open next week and that is one of my main goals for the year and it would mean a lot to me to win there." 
 Despite the defeat, Australian David Hall got some consolation from playing in an exciting match 
 "The match was a great experience both for us and the spectators but at the end of the day, a loss is still a loss," he said. 
 "The games were all so close but we didn't win the right points and execute the right shots when it came down to it."  