Adepitan to quit internationals

  Great Britain wheelchair basketball star Ade Adepitan has announced his retirement from international action.  
 Adepitan, a familiar face thanks to his work as a BBC Television presenter, started playing the sport in 1988 and has won more than 90 GB caps. 
 "Playing and winning medals for Great Britain has given me some of the best moments of my life," he said. 
 "It's not been an easy decision. I'll miss my team-mates who have been great friends through good and bad times."  
 Adepitan added: "Being a part of one of the best teams in the world fills me with an enormous sense of pride. 
 "But I'm looking forward to taking on a new challenge and concentrating on my TV career. 
 "I wish everybody involved with the Great Britain team the very best of luck and every success for future tournaments". 
 Adepitan helped Great Britain to a bronze medal at the 2004 Athens Paralympics. 
 "Ade has become a worthy role model for many youngsters and a great ambassador for wheelchair sport," said GB head coach David Titmuss. 
 Adepitan, who was awarded an MBE in 2005 for his services to disabled sport, is an ambassador for the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics. 
 On court, he played in the GB side which won silver at the World Championships in 2002 and last year sealed Great Britain's win in the inaugural Visa Paralympic World Cup, and won a silver medal at the European Championships in France. 
 Titmuss added: "Ade's infectious enthusiasm, hard work and skilful play will be sorely missed by the GB squad - especially his ability to score crucial free-throws. 
 "I will never forget his two memorable shots that gave GB a narrow victory against the USA in the quarter-finals in Athens, nor his two free-throws that helped to secure the inaugural Paralympic World Cup gold medal. 
 "But these are just isolated highlights in a career that was founded on sheer hard work, a great commitment to the team and an understanding of what it takes to be a winner." 
 Coach Titmuss also confirmed that Jon Pollock, who retired from international basketball after the Athens Paralympics, has decided to return to the fold. 
 The experienced international could make his comeback at this summer's World Championships in Holland.  