Gretna eyeing Scottish Cup glory

        SCOTTISH CUP FINAL      Hearts v Gretna   1500 BST, Saturday 13 May   Hampden Park, Glasgow   Live on BBC One Scotland, BBC Radio Scotland and this website       Gretna's Scottish Cup final date with Hearts on Saturday will be the highlight of the club's short spell in Scottish football, but, for owner Brooks Mileson and his charges, it is unlikely to signal the end of a dream.  
 As Mileson himself admits: "I just don't know where it's going to end." 
 The millionaire businessman from Sunderland has helped the club to successive promotions from the Third Division to the First and next season they will play in Europe. 
   But Mileson is quick to deflect the praise - or criticism depending on your point of view - from those who say his money has been the key to Gretna's success. 
 "To say we've bought success is ridiculous. We've got a good gaffer in Rowan Alexander, who's brought in great players who play the way he wants. It's not because of me or my money," he says. 
 Mileson is, of course, being somewhat disingenuous. Alexander's managerial nous would not have been as effective with a lesser group of players, and the resources at his disposal are second to none in the lower divisions. 
 But there is no doubt that it is a team effort, both on and off the park, that has brought Gretna so much recent success. 
   
 Visitors to Gretna leave with the sense that the club is simply one big, happy family and that is just the way Mileson planned it. 
 "I had a vision of a community club," he says. "A football club has a moral duty to its community." 
 There is a feel-good factor at Raydale Park, which is summed up by captain Chris Innes, one of the many players tempted from the SPL to play in the lower divisions with this ambitious but humble club. 
 "I've seen the club go from strength to strength," he says. "We seem to be heading in the right direction and it's good to be a part of. We're not the finished article yet, but watch this space." 
 Few neutrals expect Gretna to round off a wonderful year by beating Hearts at Hampden, but there is no lack of belief among the club's employees and the 12,000 supporters who will be at the National Stadium on Saturday to celebrate the biggest day in their history. 
 Win or lose, Gretna will be involved in next season's Uefa Cup - a victory would parachute them into the first round proper, while defeat will see them play in the qualifying matches. 
 Another certainty is that Mileson will finance further strengthening of the squad to allow Alexander to mount a serious tilt at the First Division title next season, to achieve their ultimate ambition of playing SPL football. 
 So, the Gretna bandwagon rolls into Hampden this weekend, but it won't stop there. 
 As striker David Bingham notes: "Gretna's not just known as a place people run away to to get married anymore!"  