Middlesbrough 0-4 Sevilla

  Steve McClaren's final game in charge at Middlesbrough before he takes over as England coach ended in misery as Sevilla deservedly won the Uefa Cup.  
 Luis Fabiano headed Sevilla in front after 26 minutes and they added three more in a desperate last 12 minutes. 
 Mark Viduka saw Boro's best chance brilliantly saved by Andres Palop. 
 Enzo Maresca scored from close range after 78 minutes and added a third from 20 yards six minutes later, leaving Fredi Kanoute to complete the rout.  
 Sevilla dominated the first half, and they were almost ahead inside two minutes when Daniel Alves sent a rising drive inches wide. 
 Middlesbrough's response was a powerful free-kick from Fabio Rochemback, which was struck straight at Palop. 
           I thought we would see another wonder comeback but it wasn't to be    From RF       
 But Sevilla were in the ascendancy, and twice it took interventions from Chris Riggott and fit-again goalkeeper Mark Scharzer to deny Adriano Correia and Fabiano. 
 The La Liga side deserved to be ahead, and they opened the scoring after 26 minutes when Fabiano rose above Riggott to direct a header past the stranded Schwarzer from Alves' cross. 
 Adriano shot narrowly over three minutes later as Middlesbrough failed to get to grips with a fluent Sevilla side. 
 Both sides made half-time changes, with Massimo Maccarone coming on for James Morrison and former Spurs striker Kanoute coming on for Javier Saviola. 
 He also curled a shot just off target after 49 minutes - before Viduka had Middlesbrough's best chance two minutes later. 
 Riggott headed Rochemback's free-kick into the Australian's path, and his shot was somehow blocked by Palop at point-blank range. 
 McClaren went for broke after 69 minutes, when the injured Franck Queudrue was replaced by Yakubu. 
 But Sevilla remained a threat, and Schwarzer was forced to save well from Alves at his near post. 
 Viduka was involved twice as Middlesbrough pushed forward in search of an equaliser. 
 He failed to hit the target when well-placed, then saw penalty appeals waved away when he went down under challenge from Javi Navarro after 76 minutes. 
 It was a pivotal moment as Sevilla swept to the other end to double their advantage with 12 minutes left. 
 Jesus Navas played in Kanoute, and when Schwarzer parried his shot, Maresca swept home a simple finish. 
 And as Middlesbrough wilted, Maresca shot low past Schwarzer from 20 yards - before Kanoute added a fourth two minutes later as Sevilla threatened to end McClaren's reign in embarrassment. 
 
  Middlesbrough:  Schwarzer, Parnaby, Riggott, Southgate, Queudrue (Yakubu 70), Morrison (Maccarone 45), Rochemback, Boateng, Downing, Viduka (Cattermole 85), Hasselbaink.  Subs Not Used: Jones, Ehiogu, Parlour, Bates. 
  Booked:  Rochemback. 
  Sevilla:  Palop, Daniel, Javi Navarro, Escude, David, Navas, Marti, Maresca, Adriano Correia (Puerta 85), Luis Fabiano (Renato 73), Saviola (Kanoute 45).  Subs Not Used: Notario, Aitor Ocio, Sales, Kepa. 
  Booked:  Daniel, Escude, Maresca. 
  Goals:  Luis Fabiano 26, Maresca 78, 84, Kanoute 89. 
  Att:  36,500 
  Ref:  Herbert Fandel (Germany).  