Day one at Lord's as it happened

   FIRST TEST, LORD'S - MATCH SUMMARY:  England 318-3 v Sri Lanka (close)    
   England dominated the opening day of the Test series against Sri Lanka as left-handers Marcus Trescothick and Alastair Cook led them to 318-3.  
 Trescothick hit 106 in his first Test this year and Cook, in his maiden England appearance at home, made 89. 
 With Kevin Pietersen unbeaten on 54 and Andrew Flintoff still to bat, Sri Lanka are primed for another tough day. 
 Muttiah Muralitharan had two wickets and Sri Lanka were unfourtunate to see three good lbw appeals rejected.  
 
  LATEST UPDATES (All times BST)     
 STUMPS: England 318-3 
               
  1812:  Kulasekara bowls the last over of the day and Hoggard remains steadfast. England end the day on 318-3. 
  1807:  Hoggard is doing his job as a night-watchman well, turning down a single after tickling Vaas down to fine leg. 
  1801:  Just three overs left in the day. Hoggard gets a single down to fine leg after Maharoof strays on to his pads. It is his first first-class run of the season. Maharoof digs one in short, another no-ball, and Pietersen abandons a pull shot. 
  1755:  Hoggard, that barnacle of a batsman, is England's night-watchman. Perhaps he'll have Jason Gillespie's unbeaten 201 against Bangladesh last month in his sights? Vaas just misses Hoggard's off-stump with the last ball of the over. 
  1750:   WICKET: ENGLAND 312-3 COOK C SANGAKKARA B MAHAROOF 89   Thirty five runs have come off 25 deliveries with the new ball as England slip into another gear. Sri Lanka think they have Pietersen when he is caught in the covers - but the celebrations are cut short by the crushing realisation that Maharoof has bowled a no-ball. However, Maharoof regroups and has Cook caught behind wafting at a wide one. 
  1745:  Pietersen piles into a drive off Vaas to move on to 48 and bring up England's 300. He brings up his 50 with a square drive for four. Pietersen looks in the zone and looks like he wants to stick around. Double-trouble for Sri Lanka. 
  "I only hope Kevin Pietersen can control his urges until close of play."    TMS analyst Mike Gatting  
  1740:  Pietersen crashes Maharoof through the covers to move to 42. Maharoof chops Cook in half and is sticking to his task well. 
 "Hi chaps, what a glorious day! Just as a note, the trumpeter's name is Bill Cooper (a peripatetic trumpet teacher - and official Barmy Army trumpeter!) from Sidcup."   Alex Blaney  
  1736:  Pietersen flicks Vaas away for four through mid-wicket - contemptuous stuff. 
  1732:  Cook times the ball to the extra cover boundary off Kulasekara and follows up with a run four after Mubarak gives up the chase, cearly praying for the ball to reach the rope. The first signs of dispondency in the Sri Lanka ranks. 
  1729:  Sri Lanka take the new ball and Maharoof gets first go with it. Murali is shaking his head down at mid-off - he was clearly relishing his duel with Pietersen. Two runs from the over. 
  1726:  Pietersen plays no stroke to a ball that finds some lift and Murali is bowling superbly amid the carnage around him. 
  1721:  Maharoof is back on and Sri Lanka skipper Jayawardene must be wondering who to turn to next. Cook steers the ball away for a single. Pietersen plays an extravagant stroke, launching into a wide one like a man attacking a tree with an axe, but only gets one for his efforts. 
  1718:  Pietersen latches on to a rare loose ball from Murali, his eyes widening like dinner plates before he cracks it through extra cover for four. Pietersen then lofts Murali for four to the long-on boundary. There was not a hint of 'slog' about that stroke. 
  1714:  Cook flays Kulasekara to the backward point boundary for four. Cook completes the over with a sumptuous straight drive for four. The Essex man moves to 75 and England are 263-2. 
  1710:  Pietersen brings up 250-2 with a sharp single off Murali. Pietersen gets three with a thick outside edge down to third man. 
  1705:  Kulasekara bowls another tight over and the runs have dried up for the time being. 
  "I get the impression Cook has all the shots in his locker but is happy sticking with his bankers."    TMS analyst Mike Selvey  
  1700:  Murali bowls his third successive maiden and the players take drinks. 
  1655:  Cook drives Kulasekara to deep cover for three, where Dilshan makes a good stop. Cook is 64 and Pietersen is 16. 
  1652:  Murali has a half-hearted appeal for lbw turned down, umpire Koertzen deciding the ball pitched outside leg stump. Another maiden and Cook has been on 63 for 19 balls. 
  1650:  The tempo has quietened a touch since Trescothick's departure, but with Pietersen at the crease there is always an air of impending violence. 
  1648:  Cook looks to be handling Murali very comfortably now and safely negotiates a maiden over. 
  1642:  Pietersen times Kulasekara straight back down the ground for four. The Hampshire batsman is looking as assured as ever in the early stages of his innings. He gets another couple for a flick to deep mid-wicket. 
  1638:  Murali drops one in short and Pietersen slaps him away for four through the covers. 
  1634:  Stand and deliver from Cook, who punches Vaas to the mid-on boundary. 
  1629:  Cook cuts Murali away for four and moves serenely on to 56. The Essex youngster looks a class act. He follows up with a beautifully -timed clip for three down to deep mid-wicket. 
  1624:  Pietersen times Vaas through the covers for four. Vaas hits back well, wrapping Pietersen on the pads. But umpire Dar is having none of the lbw appeal. Sri Lanka have been unlucky with some leg-before appeals today. 
  1622:  Cook brings up his fifty with a pull for four off Murali. It's his third score above fifty in three Tests. Murali, as is his way, spins two past the face of Cook's bat in reply. 
  "Well done on another century Tresco, great to have you back!"    BB on the TMS message board  
  1617:  Pietersen is next man in for England. He will fancy this Sri Lanka seam attack - but Murali will probably fancy bowling to Pietersen. A tidy over by Vaas and Pietersen remains on nought. 
  1611:   WICKET: ENGLAND 213-2 TRESCOTHICK C JAYAWARDENE B MURALITHARAN 106   Murali does pull a rabbit out of his hat, getting Trescothick caught at slip by Jayawardene. His partnership with Cook was 127, possibly the highest England partnership by two players born on Christmas day. 
  1607:  Trescothick is looking in seriously good nick now and drives Vaas for four. The next ball is nudged away for two. Sri Lanka really need Murali to pull a rabbit out of his hat now. 
  1604:  Trescothick drives Murali for four to move to within one of his 14th Test century and his third against Sri Lanka. He brings up his ton with a single down to the deep mid-wicket boundary. It came off 171 balls. 
  1600:  Vaas takes the first over after tea. Cook brings up England's 200 with a square cut for a couple and is now four shy of his first Test fifty in England. 
  TEA: England 199-1  
  1536:  Cook rocks back and cuts Murali away for four to move to 43. Cook is getting into position very early. The Essex opener then takes a risky single as England move to 199-1 at tea. 
  1533:  Vaas is back on. Cook, showing nice balance, tickles one round the corner for a single. Trescothick plays uppishly and the ball just misses the fielder at cover. He gets a couple and moves to 95. 
  1530:  Cook cuts Murali to backward point and gets a single courtesy of a Tharanga misfield. Just one from the over and Murali is still nagging away. 
  1527:  Trescothick gets stuck into Dilshan, lofting him straight over the top, one bounce for four to bring up the 100 partnership. Trescothick follows up with an effortless square cut for another boundary. 
  1523:  Cook attempts to cut Murali away and gets an outside edge, but Jayawardene at slip is unable to get anywhere near it. Koertzen the rejects a good-looking lbw appeal. 
  1520:  Off-spinner Dilshan is wheeled into the attack and Cook forces him through mid-off for three from his first delivery. Just three from the over. 
  1515:  The game is just ticking over before Trescothick tickles Maharoof down to the fine leg boundary. Maharoof then beats Trescothick outside the off-stump. However, Maharoof drops one short and Trescothick swings him away for another boundary. 
  1512:  Trescothick and Cook get a single each off Murali, who is still getting some extravagant bounce. 
  1507:  Trescothick plays and misses at Maharoof. The Somerset man pushes a single into the covers. Cook does the same, despite a sharp stop by Dilshan. 
  1503:  Murali is now having a go from the Nursery End. Cook helps himself to a single. 
  1458:  Cook rocks back and gets a couple down to deep extra cover. He gets another to point, but it's otherwise a tight over from Maharoof. 
  1454:  Kulasekara beats Trescothick outside the off-stump and is bowling tidily, while poor Maharoof is getting some tap from the other end. 
  1452:  Trescothick is warming to his task now, slicing Maharoof over the slips for four and following up with a classic cover drive. 
  "You remember how Gower  would bat for an hour,  In a style all Classical ease,  
 Where Marcus Trescothick  Is more or less Gothic,  Though equally likely to please."    MD Hinton in the TMS inbox  
  1446:  Trescothick moves to 65 with a quick single. Cook gets two through mid-wicket off Kulasekara. Three from the over. 
  1442:  Maharoof is back into the attack and three are milked from his over. The players take drinks. 
  1438:  Just one from Kulasekara's over - a good comeback after some rough treatment from Trescothick. 
  "There is something Boycottian about the way Cook bats." "That's not a bad thing..."    Blowers and Boycott in the TMS commentary box  
  1434:  Murali stems the tide with a maiden over. 
  1429:  Kulasekara finds Trescothick's edge but the ball lands just short of Jayawardene at first slip. Trescothick, who has obviously had enough of hanging about, slashes at a wide one and the ball runs away for four through the slips. Next up a more authentic shot, a classic cover drive for another four. The 50 partnership comes up. 
  1426:  Cook is managing Murali quite well, and turns him away for a single. Murali appeals for lbw against Trescothick, but the umpire is having none of it. Trescothick then picks Murali's doosra and brings up his 50 with a lusty sweep for six. It came off 110 balls. 
  1421:  Trescothick leans into a straight drive which runs away for four. Cook goes for a quick run off Kulasekara and Murali hits the stumps with his throw from mid-on - but Cook just makes his ground. 
  1419:  Murali has a good shout for lbw against Cook turned down. The ball appeared to be going down the leg side. Cook has another close shave, staying back and just managing to get an inside edge onto his pad. 
  "If I was in against these seamers, you wouldn't get a bat down at number six, Gatting" "Yes, but there would ne no-one in the ground Geoffrey."    Boycott and Gatting go at it in the TMS commentary box  
  1412:  Kulasekara is back into the attack. Aggers in the TMS commentary box has apparently been having trouble with people dumping stuff in his skip. Cook, oblivious to this, moves to 16 with a drive through the covers. England are 114-1. 
  1409:  Trescothick is persisting with the sweep against Murali and gets a single down to deep backward square leg. He misses with his next effort and he finishes the over on 41. Cook has 14. 
  1406:  Vaas feeds Cook for four more runs down to the fine leg boundary. Cooks gets two more down to deep square leg. Nine from the over. 
  1403:  Trescothick sweeps Murali and gets two down to deep square leg. A risky shot. Trescothick tries it again next ball and does not make contact. Wicket-keeper Sangakkara is getting very animated behind the stumps. 
  1401:  Cooks gets his first boundary down to fine leg to bring up England's hundred. 
  "Mr Chaminda Vaas should know better than to turn up for a tour of England with long, flowing locks. Mr Jason Gillespie did the same last year, and bowled so badly he was dropped from the side."    Allen Maslen in the TMS inbox  
  1355:  Murali is getting some decent bounce. Cook turns Murali away to deep backward square leg for a single. Trescothick launches into a slog-sweep, but the ball trickles away down to fine leg and there is no run. He then attempts a drive but gets a thick inside edge. This is developing into a good contest. 
  1351:  The 21-year-old Cook, who showed tremendous maturity in hitting a ton on debut in Nagpur, nudges a single to square leg. 
  1350:  Cook gets off the mark in Tests in England with a single off Murali through the off-side. 
  1345:  Vaas, big mane flopping, breezes in from the Nursery End and Trescothick turns him away for a couple. Trescothick then leans into a cover drive which rolls away for four. 
  1340:  Play resumes after lunch and Essex batsman Alastair Cook is next man in, playing his first Test in England. He leaves Murali's first three balls and plays the third into the off-side. The last delivery turns and misses Cook's off-stump. 
  LUNCH: England 86-1  
  1259:   WICKET: ENGLAND 86-1 STRAUSS C JAYAWARDENE B MURALITHARAN 48   One more over before lunch. Strauss prods tentatively at Murali's first delivery and is caught by Jayawardene at first slip. It's lunch and that man Murali has done it again. 
  1256:  Kulasekara comes back into the attack. Trescothick moves to 30 with a single. Strauss plays a forcing shot into the off-side for a single and is on 48. 
  1252:  Murali has a slip and a short leg on for Strauss. Strauss and Trescothick get three quick singles to short mid-wicket. Sri Lanka will have to think about plugging that gap. 
  1251:  Strauss gets one single down to deep-backward square leg off Vaas' over, wristily played. England are 80-0. 
  1246:  Strauss moves to 43 with a nurdle off Murali. Murali goes up for a big lbw appeal and Trescothick is lucky to survive. Was that Murali's fabled 'doosra'? 
  1241:  Sri Lanka's two best bowlers on now - Vaas at one end and Murali on at the other. Vaas has three slips - first, second and fourth. Trescothick drives and debutant Kapugedera stops it in the covers. However, Trescothick follows up with a brutish drive for four. 
  1239:  Strauss leaves Murali's first delivery and there is a strangled, if hopeful, appeal for lbw. Murali, playing his first Test at Lord's, completes a maiden over. 
  1237:  Take a deep breath England fans, here comes Murali... 
  1234:  Vaas sticks in a maiden over. Trescothick tries to hoick the final delivery to the mid-wicket boundary but toe-ends it to mid-off. 
  "Congratulations to Strauss on reaching 2000 runs - he's a real class player, and if he can continue his run of a century every three Test matches he could seriously be considered a great."    Rey on the TMS message board  
  1224:  Vaas continues his second spell and Strauss pushes him for two through the covers. England look pretty set and Murali must be straining at the bit. 
  1223:  Some lively banter between Aggers and Boycott in the TMS commentary box. Boycott is baiting Aggers about his one not out against Sri Lanka in 1984. 
  "You're playing a few shots this morning Geoffrey - rather more than you did when you were out in the middle..."    TMS commentator Jonathan Agnew  
  "I've been retired for 20 years, but all I think about on a day like this at The Mecca is having a bat..."    TMS analyst Geoff Boycott  
  1217:  Vaas is back on and, ominously, Murali is having a stretch. Strauss has a dart and gets an outside edge for four through the slips. 
  1212:  Kulasekara bowls fractionally short and Strauss cracks him to the cover point boundary. Strauss is chugging along very nicely indeed. 
  1207:  Jayawardene is flogging Maharoof. Trescothick gets a lucky boundary, attempting to withdraw his bat at the last second and getting a thick edge down to third man. 
  "If you were an opening batsman you'd want to bat against this bowling attack - they're bowling military-medium. If it were Geoff Arnold and Richard Hadlee, it would be a different matter."    Welcome to the TMS commentary box Geoff Boycott  
  1200:  Strauss brings up the 50 partnership with a crunching shot through the covers off Kulasekara - the England openers seem to like that region this morning. Players take drinks. 
  "What a delight to hear Blowers back on the airwaves. Summer isn't summer without TMS, and TMS isn't TMS without Blowers."    Barry Cooper in the TMS inbox  
  1155:  Maharoof continues. Strauss mis-times a pull but it still goes for four and he moves to 25. Trescothick gets in on the act, lacing Maharoof through the covers for four. England move on to 48-0. 
  1150:  Kulasekara is first change - not Murali. Strauss plays an ugly attempted hoik off his first delivery and gets three through mid-wicket next up. Trescothick then tries to take a liberty, wafting and missing at a lifting delivery. 
  1147:  Maharoof is still on - but it can only be a matter of time before Sri Lanka turn to Muralitharan. However, Maharoof gets one to bounce and leave Strauss, who plays it well. Just one from the over. 
  1142:  Blowers is back in the TMS commentary box after the winter off and it's good to hear his fruity tones again. He is clearly very excited to be back. Vaas is continuing with his disciplined line and length but Trescothick cracks him through the covers off the back foot from the penultimate ball of the over. 
  1139:  Strauss plays a glorious on-drive for four. He nearly plays on next ball but forces the next through the covers for another boundary. England move to 30-0. 
  "We have Andrew Flintoff singing on tape and you can listen to that Saturday lunch-time. It's not pretty..."    TMS commentator Jonathan Agnew  
  1136:  More tidy stuff from Vaas and Maharoof is back into the attack. 
  "There are people here with their shirts off - on 11 May! My word - are you allowed to do that at Lord's?"    TMS commentator Jonathan Agnew  
  1128:  Trescothick hits his straps, crashing Maharoof through the covers for four. But Maharoof, unbowed, proceeds to beat Trescothick's outside edge twice. Good comeback by the Sri Lanka seamer. 
  1125:  Vaas, sun cream smeared on like war paint, is keeping up a nagging line and length, but one wonders how nagging he might be if the pitch flattens out a bit. 
  1121:  Strauss glances Maharoof for another four and England are clicking into gear after a nervy start. England move to 15-0. 
  "We have already started on the cheese and pinot noir here down under. Settling back to a good evening of 'proper' cricket commentary on the net after the debacle of India."   Robert Swindle in the TMS inbox  
  1117:  Strauss gets off the mark, whipping away a half-bunger on his legs to the mid-wicket boundary. He now has 2000 Test runs. 
  "How marvellous - the first day of a new international season. It makes the heart sing."    Bob Drake writing in to TMS  
  1114:  Strauss misses a half-volley on his legs and Maharoof goes up for an optimistic lbw appeal. The Middlesex man should have filled his boots - and he knows it. Strauss is then beaten by a ball that seams away. 
  1110:  Trescothick gets an edge but the ball lands just short of Jayawardene at second slip.  5-0  
  "That's not England captain's attire! What is that? An athlete's singlet? A vest? On the Lord's balcony..."    TMS commentator Christopher Martin-Jenkins  
  1109:  Vaas looks to have lost a lot of pace down the years, but is still a threat with his movement. 
  1107:  Trescothick, with impeccable timing, gets three runs down to deep mid-wicket. Maharoof has Strauss fencing with his final delivery of the over. 
  1105:  Maharoof shares the new ball with Vaas and beats Trescothick's outside edge with his second delivery and then finds the Somerset man's inside edge with an inswinger. 
  "Vaas is one of the best two or three left-arm fast-bowlers in history"    TMS analyst Mike Selvey  
  1103:  A tidy first over from Vaas and England take only one from it. 
  1100:  Vaas opens the bowling from the Pavilion End. Trescothick gets a thickish outside edge first ball and gets off the mark from his second delivery, nudging the ball for a single to square leg. 
  "On anything but a green seaming wicket, Mahmood is a better bowler then Lewis. I feel him, Panesar and Cook are all being played with a view to the Ashes and beyond."    Neil on the TMS message board  
  1048:  The TMS weather man tells us to expect fine weather for the first two days, but that it may begin to break up over the weekend. That's good news for those who have grafted all week and have tickets for Saturday and Sunday. 
  1038:  Flintoff presents Sajid Mahmood with his first Test cap on the boundary. Big day for Olympic boxing hero Amir Khan's cousin. 
  1033:  England skipper Andrew Flintoff wins the toss and decides to have a bat - because a mascot told him to on the way to the middle. Sri Lanka captain Mahela Jayawardene admits he is disappointed and then informs us that batsman Chamara Kapugedera will be making his Test debut for Sri Lanka. 
 
  England:  Andrew Flintoff (captain), Marcus Trescothick, Andrew Strauss, Alistair Cook, Kevin Pietersen, Paul Collingwood, Geraint Jones, Monty Panesar, Liam Plunkett, Matthew Hoggard, Sajid Mahmood. 
  Sri Lanka:  Jayawardene (capt), U Tharanga, J Mubarak, K Sangakkara (wkt), M , T Samaraweera, T Dilshan, C Kapugedera, F Maharoof, C Vaas, M Muralitharan, N Kulasekara.  