Setback delays Vaughan's return

  Michael Vaughan admits he is making "slow progress" after a setback in his recovery from a chronic knee injury.  
 The England skipper now looks highly unlikely to be fit for the second Test starting at Edgbaston on 25 May, having not yet played for Yorkshire. 
 "When you are having rehab and working hard, then you are going to get the odd setback," Vaughan said. 
 "But if I miss another two weeks of the season because of that and am stronger for it, it will be a good decision."  
 Vaughan had surgery on his knee in December but broke down again in February and had to return home early from England's tour to India. 
          There is little bit of bone-on-bone going on inside the knee      Michael Vaughan        He admits that with hindsight, he tried to come back too soon, and is determined not to make the mistake with his current rehabilitation. 
 "The next time I do play is bound to be a bit of a risk because I haven't played for a while, but I am looking forward to that day," Vaughan said. 
 "It's progressive but it's slow progress at the moment. But it is right that I take the time to make sure that when I do come back, it is for a long time, not just a short period. 
 "I've been trying to tick all the right boxes so when I do play I will be able to play with confidence and all the movement required at the top level. 
 "The bare fact is that there is little bit of bone-on-bone going on inside the knee which has created a little hole. 
 "That needs time to recover and smooth over. Until that happens it is very difficult to play." 
 Vaughan has been working out at Lord's this week while the England squad prepared for the first Test. 
 He was almost ready to come back a fortnight ago, before the latest setback, but would need to play in Yorkshire's Championship match with Lancashire starting on 16 May, to prove his fitness. 
 His next comeback targets could be Yorkshire's C&G Trophy matches against Warwickshire (21 May), Lancashire (28 May) and Scotland (29 May), while their next four-day game starts on 31 May against Hampshire. 
 
 
  