ABN Amro One first into New York

  ABN AMRO One extended its lead in the Volvo Ocean Race by winning the short 400-mile Maryland-to-New York sprint.  
 The Dutch vessel arrived at the Hudson River finis line at 0407 local time to post its fifth win out of the six legs. 
 Skipper Mike Sanderson said: "We had a pretty bumpy ride, so it feels good to arrive with the boat in one piece. 
 "It has been pretty tense for us. The skipper never sleeps enough, so now I shall do lots of sleeping in the city that never sleeps."  
 The 40-hour journey has been one of the toughest legs for the Volvo Ocean Race fleet in terms of lack sleep. 
 The boats had to tack every hour or so as they thrashed up wind after suffering light air on the way down Chesapeake Bay. 
 ABN Amro One earned seven points for its latest win, upping its total to 70.5. but Sanderson said he was not ready to declare victory. 
          I can't recall anything much tougher on this race so far      Pirates of the Caribbean skipper  Paul Cayard         
 "I don't work out the points," he said. "I just race one race at a time. And when somebody tells me it's done, we'll be celebrating." 
 Pirates of the Caribbean was second home, moving half a point ahead of Movistar (fifth) in the process, with Brasil 1 in third. 
 There is very little time for the crews to recover in New York, with leg seven to Portsmouth beginning on Thursday. 
 New York is considered a "pit stop", which means the seven yachts must remain in the water and cannot take on any new gear or supplies. 
 The fleet will begin leg seven to Portsmouth, England, on Thursday, with each syndicate leaving New York in the order it arrived. 
 The leg six winner will get a head start on the runner-up finisher by the same amount of time that it beat that boat into port. 
 
  Volvo Ocean Race sixth leg result:   1. ABN Amro One (finished in one day 15 hours seven minutes 36 seconds  2. Pirates of the Caribbean (1.17.47.11)  3. Brasil 1 (1.17.56.52)  4. Ericsson (1.17.59.49)  5. Movistar (1.18.01.26)  6. Brunel7. ABN Amro Two 
  