Woods eyes third crack at Johnson

  Britain's IBF light heavyweight champion Clinton Woods says he is ready to head to the America for a third fight with old adversary Glen Johnson.  
 Johnson, a USA-based Jamaican, thrust himself back into the 175lb reckoning on Friday with a points win over Richard Hall for the lesser IBA belt. 
 And Woods, who has drawn and lost in two previous fights with Johnson told BBC Sport: "I'm delighted that he won. 
 "I know I must beat Glen to be number one and I'd go to America to do that."  
 Woods, 33, revealed that his promoter Dennis Hobson is working on a voluntary defence of his IBF title, possibly against Philadelphia-based Yusuf Mack. 
 "That could be in Sheffield in May and after that, I want Johnson," Woods said. 
 "I am happy Glen won on Friday night and I heard that he looked good. 
          Going to fight Johnson in America would be good for my career      Clinton Woods        
 "I rate him as the top man in the division and it has been on my mind for a long time to avenge the win he's got against me. 
 "But I feel I have got much stronger since our two previous fights (November 2003 and February 2004) and I'm confident I can beat him this time." 
 Woods claimed the vacant IBF crown against Rico Hoye last March and defended it against Mexican Julio Cesar Gonzalez in September in his native Yorkshire. 
 But he believes the time is now right to prove himself on the other side of the Atlantic. 
 "Going back to Amercia would probably be good for my career," he said. 
 "I fought over there in 2002 against Roy Jones Jnr, and I think the Americans liked my style. 
 "If I met Johnson again I'd be a lot more aggressive and take the fight to him. 
 "If I could beat him it would make me the number one light heavyweight and that's what I have always been aiming for." 
          Beating Johnson would mean everything to me. It is the fight I need to show I am the best in the division      Clinton Woods        
 Johnson relinquished the IBF belt he took from Jones September 2004 to ensure a unification clash with the division's other main protagonist, Antonio Tarver. 
 And Woods said: "Johnson never really lost his belt - he just wanted to fight Tarver to prove himself he's number one. 
 "That's why beating Glen Johnson means everything to me - it is the fight I need to show I am the best in the division."  