Wycombe v Cheltenham

  
  LEAGUE TWO PLAY OFF  Semi-final First Leg    The Causeway   Saturday, 13 May   Kick-off:  1805 BST  BBC Radio Five Live  
 
   Wycombe's stand-in manager Steve Brown faces some difficult decisions, with Jermaine Easter and Steve Williams pushing for places in the starting XI.  
 Easter must displace top-scorer Tommy Mooney or Ian Stonebridge, while Williams is putting pressure on keeper Frank Talia. Sergio Torres is out. 
 Cheltenham manager John Ward has no fresh injury or suspension problems. 
 Defender Jamie Victory (groin) is still out but Steven Gillespie's goal against Mansfield could earn him a start.  
 
   Wycombe striker Tommy Mooney:   "I want promotion out of every division and this needs to be it, it really does. It was my aim when I came here. 
 "I'd love to go to Cardiff. Two months ago it seemed we'd go up automatically so I'd have said I could do without it. Now that isn't the case." 
   Cheltenham boss John Ward:   "I look at the size of the four clubs in the play-offs and we're the smallest. That alone tells me we are the underdogs. 
 "It's an adventure for us and if it ends against Wycombe then we'll say 'thanks, that was a good season'. 
 "Wycombe are the favourites and expect to beat us but we'll see how we go." 
 
   WYCOMBE WANDERERS  and Cheltenham Town have both participated in one play-off campaign previously and each have been successful. A visit to the Millennium Stadium on Sunday 28 May to face either Lincoln or Grimsby awaits the winners. 
  Martin O'Neill was in charge when the Chairboys beat Carlisle over two legs and then Preston 4-2 in the Wembley final to win promotion to the third tier at the end of the 1993/94 campaign. Wycombe have spent 10 of their 13 seasons as a League club at the third level. They're aiming to return to the higher division after two seasons in the fourth tier. 
  Wanderers dominated the first half of the regular season, racing to a 21-match unbeaten run of 10 wins and 11 draws to rise to the top of the table, where they stayed for nearly two months to the end of 2005. But then they tailed off, with eight defeats in the last 11 games to slip to sixth. The players will want to succeed in the play-offs to lift the spirits of manager John Gorman, who's on compassionate leave after suffering the loss of his wife Myra in February following her long battle with cancer. 
   CHELTENHAM TOWN  are one of the Football League's youngest clubs. They've spent just one of their seven campaigns outside the fourth tier. Steve Cotterill was in charge when they won promotion via the play-offs in 2002. They beat Hartlepool in a penalty shoot-out in the semi-finals, and then Rushden 3-1 in the final at the Millennium Stadium, with goals from Martin Devaney, Julian Alsop and John Finnigan. 
  John Ward's side finished one place, one point and one win above Wycombe. They're hoping to become the third club to finish fifth in the fourth tier and be promoted via the play-offs. The club finishing sixth has fared a little better over the years - winning the play-offs four times out of the 19. 
  Town hold an unbeaten League record against Wycombe of one win and five draws, but they were defeated 3-1 by them in the first round of the FA Cup at Loakes Park in 1974, and also lost 1-2 at home in the 2002/03 LDV Vans Trophy. Cheltenham's three League visits to Wycombe have all been drawn (1-1, 1-1 and 0-0). The Gloucestershire club ended the regular season on a two-match winning note, with a 7-0 aggregate. 
 
 
  Referee:  Andy Hall (West Midlands) 
 
  THIS SEASON'S LEAGUE MEETINGS:  
  Wycombe Wanderers 0-0 Cheltenham Town   29 August 2005 - Ref: Keith Stroud  
  Cheltenham Town 2-1 Wycombe Wanderers   4 March 2006 - Ref: Keith Stroud  Cheltenham scorers: Caines 72, Gillespie 90  Wycombe scorer: Johnson 16  Sent Off: Betsy (Wycombe) 74 
 
  HEAD TO HEAD TOTALS   League: Wycombe 0 wins, Cheltenham 1, Draws 5 
  HEAD TO HEAD at Wycombe   League: Wycombe 0 wins, Cheltenham 0, Draws 3 
  