Lincoln v Grimsby

  
  LEAGUE TWO PLAY OFF  Semi-final First Leg    Sincil Bank   Saturday, 13 May   Kick-off:  1205 BST  BBC Radio Five Live  
 
   Match report to follow later.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
  Lincoln City:  Marriott, McAuley, Morgan, McCombe, Hughes,Beevers, Kerr, Brown, Marvin Robinson, Forrester, Green. Subs:Mayo, Birch, Cryan, Frecklington, Yeo. 
  Grimsby:  Mildenhall, McDermott, Futcher, Whittle, Newey, Cohen,Bolland, Woodhouse, Parkinson, Gary Jones, Mendes. Subs:Kamudimba, Reddy, Goodfellow, Toner, Croft. 
  Referee:  L Mason (Lancashire). 
 
   LINCOLN CITY  and Grimsby Town meet in the first League Two play-off semi-final first leg at Sincil Bank this Saturday lunchtime, in a tie that will eventually determine which of these Lincolnshire neighbours will meet either Wycombe or Cheltenham in the final at the Millennium Stadium on Sunday 28 May. 
  Manager Keith Alexander has guided the Imps into the play-offs at this level for a fourth season on the bounce, and will be hoping to avoid a fourth failure. Lincoln defeated Scunthorpe in the semi-finals in 2003, but lost 5-2 to Bournemouth in the final at the Millennium Stadium. The following year, Huddersfield ended their promotion aspirations at the semi-final stage. Last season, the Sincil Bank club defeated Macclesfield, but then lost 0-2 to Southend in Cardiff. 
  City ended the regular season in seventh place, three points ahead of Darlington, but three places and 12 points behind Grimsby, although they actually scored one more goal (65 to 64). The club finishing seventh in the fourth tier has won promotion via the play-offs just twice. Since returning to the League from the Conference in 1988, Lincoln have spent only one season outside the fourth tier - winning promotion in 1998. 
   GRIMSBY TOWN  are defending a 100% play-off record, having gained promotion to the second level in their only previous experience in 1997/98. They beat Fulham in the semi-finals, and then Northampton through Kevin Donovan's goal at Wembley. The Mariners then spent five seasons in the Nationwide Division One, before suffering successive relegations. 
  Now Russell Slade's side are hoping to start the climb back. But they go into the play-offs dispirited at missing out on automatic promotion, having spent the vast bulk of the season in the top three. They were literally seconds away from their ultimate goal, when Northampton equalised at Blundell Park, and fellow promotion-chasers Leyton Orient netted a decisive winner at doomed Oxford. Lincoln, by comparison, go into the tie in the ascendant. They'd been rising steadily in the table since December and only consolidated seventh spot in the last four games, ending the regular season on a six match unbeaten run of two wins and four draws. Grimsby are undefeated in five (one win, four draws). The club in fourth place in the fourth tier has been promoted by winning the play-offs on 10 occasions. 
  Both League fixtures between these clubs were emphatic home wins. The Mariners won the initial meeting in late December 3-0, while the Imps took the reverse fixture 5-0. Lincoln have not been beaten at home by their local rivals in 11 meetings. They've won six and drawn five, since a 1-4 defeat in the old Second Division on 28 September 1957, 49 years ago. 
 
  Referee:  Lee Mason (Lancashire) 
 
  THIS SEASON'S LEAGUE MEETINGS:  
  Grimsby Town 3-0 Lincoln City   28 December 2005 - Ref: Ray Olivier  Grimsby scorers: Toner 9, Reddy 25, Parkinson 44 
  Lincoln City 5-0 Grimsby Town   25 March 2006 - Ref: Steve Bennett  Lincoln scorers: Foster 12, Forrester 16, Mayo 38 pen, Marvin Robinson 44, Beevers 83 
 
  HEAD TO HEAD TOTALS   League: Lincoln 25 wins, Grimsby 34, Draws 23 
  HEAD TO HEAD at Lincoln   League: Lincoln 16 wins, Grimsby 14, Draws 11 
 
  