Get the beers in

      By Anna Thompson        
  Another English summer of Test cricket begins at Lord's on Thursday.  
 Thousands of fans will converge on St John's Wood in north London as England take on Sri Lanka. 
   As well as being a great sporting spectacle, a day at the cricket is always a social occasion too. 
 But any supporters passing through the turnstiles armed with bottles of beer and wine may not realise what a privileged position they will be in. 
 The International Cricket Council has passed a rule banning alcohol being brought into any international ground and Lord's - considered the home of cricket - is the only exception. 
 For the rest of the Sri Lanka series and also against Pakistan later in the summer, fans will not be able to bring drink into Edgbaston, Trent Bridge, Old Trafford, Headingley or The Oval. 
 Marylebone Cricket Club, who own and run Lord's, successfully applied for an exemption because it proved to the ICC it had a strong alcohol management policy and agreed an indemnity. 
 A spokesman told BBC Sport: "MCC supports the retention of its long-standing policy, which allows spectators to bring limited amounts of alcohol into Lord's. 
 "This enables people to bring picnics into the ground - contributing to its unique and widely praised atmosphere on major match days - and ensures that spectators can enjoy their own choice of drinks during the day." 
          The ICC's decision to force England fans to queue up and pay up forover-priced beer is ludicrous      Don Foster MP        
 Of course fans will be able to purchase alcohol inside the various venues. 
 But the MCC and Liberal Democrat sports spokesman Don Foster believe this is unfair because alcohol is more expensive and there is a lack of choice. 
 Foster has tabled an early-day motion in Parliament condemning the ban, andwritten to the ICC to demand an exemption for English Test venues. 
 He said: "The ICC's decision to force England fans to queue up and pay up forover-priced beer is ludicrous. 
 "Fans can buy all the alcohol they like from bars inside the ground, soarguing this ban is for safety reasons just doesn't stack up. 
 "The ICC is simply pricing more ordinary fans out of the game." 
 A spokesman for the ICC said the ban had come into force on 1 April and was made for safety and security reasons. 
 "So far only Lord's has applied for an exemption but we will consider any venue," he added.  