Top guns heed Woosnam's warning

      By Rob Hodgetts  BBC Sport at The Belfry        Colin Montgomerie says Europe's top guns are heeding captain Ian Woosnam's warning to play more at home this summer or miss out on the Ryder Cup.  
 Woosnam has hinted he may reward loyalty to the European Tour over world-ranking places when he makes his two captain's picks for the K Club. 
 "I understand Ian Woosnam's concern over the players he wants to play in Europe," Montgomerie said. 
 "I am glad to see the guys that have played a lot in America back here."  
 With the likes of US Tour regulars Padraig Harrington, Ian Poulter and Lee Westwood outside the 10 automatic qualifying spots, Woosnam could end up disappointing some big names. 
 And ahead of this week's British Masters at The Belfry, Montgomerie said: "You want them in your side. They will be playing in Europe from now on and they should make it. 
          I'm not prepared to change my schedule just for one week's golf      Lee Westwood        
 "They are all world-class players. There are no concerns at all. None. We have a fabulous set-up and a fabulous team." 
 Places for Europe's 12-man team will come via the top five on a world points table, the top five in the European Order of Merit list (excluding those already in via the world list) as well as two captain's picks. 
 Going into the Masters, Sweden's Henrik Stenson, yet to play in a Ryder Cup, led the automatic qualifying list from Spain's six-time Ryder Cup veteran Jose Maria Olazabal. 
 They are followed by Sergio Garcia (3 caps), Montgomerie (7), Luke Donald (1), David Howell (1), Paul McGinley (2), Paul Broadhurst (1), Nick Dougherty (0) and Paul Casey (1). 
 "I think our team is shaping up extremely strongly already," said Ireland's McGinley, who holed the winning putt at The Belfry in 2002. 
 McGinley is seventh in the standings and would love to compete in a Ryder Cup in his homeland but he is under no illusion that his seat to Dublin is already booked. 
 "I have a lot of work to do this summer to make it because there are a lot of players who are very well capable of making the team," he said. 
 In contrast, England's Lee Westwood, is confident he will be able to make inroads in the automatic qualification process as the British and Irish legs of the European season gather pace. 
   But he is unrepentant about spending the early-season months in America. 
 "A lot happens through the summer and a lot can change," he said. "I have plenty of opportunities to qualify. 
 "Looking at [the points table] somebody is going to miss out and I'm not confident it won't be me." 
 "I am not prepared to change my schedule for the sake of playing one week's golf. 
 "I love playing in the Ryder Cup and it is a very proud moment when you tee it up. 
 "But I am doing this for a living and I have years of future to plan for. I set out my stall last year to give it a few years in America and I am going to stick to that. 
 "If you have great players struggling to make the team you must have great players in there already." 
 The 2006 Ryder Cup between Europe and America takes place at the K Club, Ireland, from 22-24 September.  