Batsman's holiday

      By Jamie Lillywhite        
   
  It may be a far cry from the beaches of Sydney but the west coast of Scotland is proving an enjoyable experience for Australian batsman Corey Richards.  
 The 30-year-old New South Welshman first played for Scotland in 1999 and has been in impressive form on his return, with two fifties and an average of 75 in his first three C&G Trophy matches. 
 "So far it's been fantastic," said Richards, who has made almost 3,000 first-class runs for his state team Down Under since making his debut in December 1995. 
 "I'm doing a bit of coaching with the juniors at the club a couple of nights a week, I have my club training for Greenock and for Scotland. There is a bit of downtime but you try and keep yourself busy and I've been seeing the sights." 
 Scotland's notorious climate might have taken the gloss off things for a man used to Bondi but even that has been faultless for Richards, who is married to an English woman and has a young family. 
 "The first week it was a little bit cool but the last week in Scotland the weather has been fantastic," he said. 
          The good thing about Australian cricket at the moment is there are lot of fast bowlers in contention for the spots      Corey Richards        
 Richards received prominence of an unwanted kind in 2001 when he developed the dreaded long-haul flight symptom deep vein thrombosis on his return to Australia. 
 "Memories of that are not very fond. I broke my finger in club cricket over here and it was pretty obvious the blood clot in my leg was related to that. 
 "It put me out for three months of domestic cricket in Australia but I haven't had any problems since." 
 He disputes the suggestion that the timing of the problem may have cost him a chance at international level. 
 "My form wasn't as good as it should have been and the strength of Australian cricket is such that if you're not performing you just can't get by averaging below par." 
 Having been vice-captain of the Australia Under-19 side, Richards was at the Academy in 1995, with Mike Hussey and Brett Lee notable companions in that group. 
   
 "Michael Hussey deserves everything he gets, he is one of the most dedicated people I have ever known, hence the Australians call him 'Mr Cricket'. 
 "Brett has always been a class above and had that little extra pace and natural ability so he was always likely to succeed at Test level." 
 England have been beset by injuries since the Ashes, unable to field their first-choice line-up since the Trent Bridge Test in August, and Richards believes that may make his countrymen favourites when the teams meet in their next series later this year. 
 "England deserved to win the Ashes, they played better cricket over the series, I'm sure everyone agress on that but it makes for probably the most important Ashes series ever now," Richards added. 
 "The good thing about Australian cricket at the moment is there are lot of fast bowlers in contention for the spots. 
 "Glenn and Brett are certainties, Jason Gillespie has come back, Stuart Clark showed in South Africa how good a bowler he is, then there is Mitchell Johnson and Nathan Bracken fighting for spots. 
 "The bowling ranks are pretty good, the spinners speak for themselves so in terms of depth the Australians have probably got the edge." 
  