Roddick sets up Rusedski clash

  Andy Roddick came through a see-saw encounter with Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus 3-6 6-1 6-2 to reach the last 16 of the Rome Masters on Wednesday.  
 Roddick lost the first set thanks to a series of double faults and forehand errors but levelled the match before taking command in the decider. 
 The fifth seed now faces Greg Rusedski in round three after the Briton beat Italian Stefano Galvani 7-6 (7-4) 6-4. 
 Tim Henman also went through with a 7-6 6-1 win over Swede Thomas Johansson.  
 The British number three will now face second seed Rafael Nadal. 
 Henman, a French Open semi-finalist two years ago, won the first set on a tie-break, taking it 10-8. 
 He got an early break in the second to lead 2-0 only for Johansson to hit back immediately. 
 But it was the last game 15th seed won as Henman grew in confidence and saw the match out in impressive fashion. Nadal will offer a more formidable challenge after his 6-1 6-2 destruction of Italian Filippo Volandri. 
 The Spaniard looked in ominous form as he builds towards the defence of his French Open crown at the end of the month. 
          I feel I'm hitting my ground strokes pretty well and I'm not so concerned about losing serve      Greg Rusedski        
 Rusedski also impressed in his match. 
 Galvani started well but twice let leads slip before losing the opening tie-break and then buckling in the second. 
 "I feel I'm hitting my ground strokes pretty well and I'm not so concerned about losing serve," said Rusedski. 
 The 32-year-old left-hander took a fortnight off after the recent Monte Carlo Masters and believes he is performing better as a result. 
 "I've been playing for 15 years and needed to get fresh again," he said. 
 Roger Federer beat wild card Potito Starace 6-3 7-6 (7-2). 
 Federer had his serve broken twice in the second set against his Italian opponent and required seven game points to hold serve and go 6-5 ahead. 
 But the top seed played a superb tie-break to close out the match. 
 Victory over Baghdatis was sweet revenge for Roddick. 
 The American lost their only previous meeting in the fourth round of this year's Australian Open. 
 Baghdatis went on to reach the final before losing to Federer. 
  