Caddy capers

      By Rob Hodgetts        
    Lugging another man's ironmongery around the Birmingham countryside for five hours seems a less-than glamorous pursuit.  
 Especially when that man is eight years your junior. 
 But a sunny morning carrying the sticks of Aston Villa star Aaron Hughes in the genial company of team-mates Kevin Phillips, James Milner and Ryder Cup hero Thomas Bjorn is not the hardship it might appear. Not for the caddies anyway. 
 "Playing in front of 30-40,000 on a Saturday is nothing. Here, I was even shaking over my ball on the range," said Hughes, an 18 handicapper. 
 We were playing in the pro-am the day before the British Masters at The Belfry, the first European Tour event of the season back on these shores. 
 Pro-ams, the traditional curtain raiser to a Tour event, are where paying amateurs, usually local businessmen, sponsors' invitees and sometimes celebs, get a chance to hack round with the golfing elite. 
 Singer Ronan Keating and cricketer Ian Botham were also playing, but there was no sign of Brucey or Tarby, celebrity golfers of yore. 
 It was my first effort at caddying so I turned to Bjorn's bag man Ken Comboy for some last-minute advice. 
   
 "You've turned up so you're halfway there. Just follow your nose," he said helpfully. 
 We settled into a familiar pattern from the first. Defending champion Bjorn, shoulders back and relaxed, strolled imperiously down the middle, accompanied by seven-handicapper Phillips. 
 Hughes, 26, appeared keener to make the most of his first visit to the famous Ryder Cup venue and we investigated some of the course's more remote corners. Milner, powerful but inconsistent off 12, veered between the two. 
 Some pros are known to maintain a stony silence the whole way round in a pro-am, while others dish out tips every five minutes. 
 Bjorn, a tall, amiable Dane who lives in England, was keen to chat to the lads about football and threw in a few titbits about Ryder Cup revelry as well as offering a chipping masterclass halfway round. 
 On one hole he gave Milner a read on a big-swinging putt. 
 The midfielder thumped it way past. "You just can't get the caddies these days," he said. 
          There's a reason there's a lot of money in golf and this is it      Thomas Bjorn        
 I asked Bjorn how he felt about pro-ams, a contractual requirement for the top players. 
 "On a day like this it's fine," he said. "The guys are great and are just here to have fun. They know when to pick up if they're out of the hole. It's when people get so serious and intent on winning that it becomes a drag. 
 "Winning isn't what this is all about. (The best score out of the four on each hole counts.) There's a reason there's a lot of money in golf and this is it. In what other sport can you compete alongside the stars?" 
 
 The advantage of caddying - or looping as the Americans call it - is you are privy to all the banter inside the ropes. 
 If the crowds were not exactly 10 deep, they did at least number about 10 on some holes. And the footballers competed for a "ripple", the gentle, self-conscious applause favoured by golf watchers. 
 "Are they all blind around this green?" said Phillips after an impressive par at the famous 18th was greeted with stony silence. 
 But even the meagre galleries blended into the background as we enjoyed the game and the camaraderie. 
 
 
   And it brought home the fact that no matter where golf is played, or at what level, it's still a group of people bunting a ball around field. Some are just better at it than others. And considerably richer as a result. 
 
 Hughes and I acknowledged early on that our professional-sounding exchanges about clubs and exact yardages were an unnecessary facade. 
 He was struggling, and I had not exactly covered myself in glory by leaving his head cover behind on the second tee. 
 But our finest moment as a partnership came when Hughes, who found his rhythm on the back nine, drilled a scorching five-wood to about 10 feet at the par-five sixth. 
 "It's 167 yards to the front and 17 on," I'd announced confidently. "Thanks caddy. Great clubbing," he said afterwards, both of us swelling with pride, as the gaggle of spectators murmured appreciatively. 
 Our merry band reached the last in about four-and-a-half hours, good for a pro-am. 
 The footballers, all relaxed and playing well by now, peppered the pin, leaving Bjorn the furthest away. 
 "Thanks for making me look rubbish in front of the clubhouse," he said. 
 We didn't win but that wasn't the point. We'd tasted pro golf and it wasn't that different. 
 But that's probably easy to say when you're not the one swinging a club. 
  