Facing the fear

      By Mike Burnett        
    A three-strong Alpine squad head to Turin intent on winning Britain's first Paralympic skiing medal for 12 years at the Winter Games, starting on Friday.  
 But Sean Rose, Russell Docker and Liz Miller share one more thing in common - all three became Paralympians after life-changing accidents on the ski slopes. 
 BBC Sport asks them what happened and what drove them to get back on their skis. 
   
   SEAN ROSE   
            It's quite difficult for a lot of people to understand but I've actually got the best life in the world right now      Sean Rose         How did your accident happen?   "I broke my back skiing in February 2000. I was in the RAF as a ski instructor, teaching pilots to ski and survive in a hostile winter environment. 
 "I was out teaching skiing one day and fell, hit some wet snow and went into the floor like a javelin. My legs went through my back, so I broke my back." 
  Why ski again?   "I'm an adrenaline junkie - it's a speed thing and it's also being in a gorgeous environment where you can just sit there and think 'Wow!' 
 "Without it, you could have turned off the switch for me because I wouldn't have wanted to come out of hospital if I didn't think I could get up to some of the antics and some of the things I used to do before. 
         ROSE FACTFILE     Born:  30/04/71    Home town:  Northampton    Disability:  Paraplegic (T8)        "If you could give back what I had before, I wouldn't change it. It's quite difficult for a lot of people to understand but I've actually got the best life in the world right now." 
  Hopes for Turin?   "This is my first time round so just the experience is going to be phenomenal, but I think on the right day I have what it takes to be a good top 10. 
 "And if you can be in the top 10, there's no reason why you can't be in the medals because it'll be that close." 
  Top speed?   "I think we're talking 85, possibly 90kph (53-56mph). So when you're seated - it's like being in a go-cart, everything just rushes at you." 
  Rose, who is also the 2005 world disabled waterski champion, competes in the sit-ski events.  
   RUSSELL DOCKER   
            It wasn't skiing that put me where I am now      Russell Docker         How did your accident happen?   "It was 11 years ago that I had my accident on a skiing holiday in France. 
 "I saw a ski pole stuck in the snow, so I stepped over a fence to reach it. But as I pulled it out of the ground, the snow I was standing on collapsed. 
 "It was not particularly high, but I broke my back in two places, collar-bone and ribs, just through landing awkwardly." 
  Why ski again?   "The accident happened in 1995 and I got back on skis in 1997. 
         DOCKER FACTFILE     Born:  15/05/67    Home town:  Blandford    Disability:  Incomplete paraplegic (T5/T6 LW12-1)        "There was no fear, just a bit of frustration because I could get down most ski slopes before and I had to go back to being a beginner for a few weeks. It wasn't skiing that put me where I am now." 
  Hopes for Turin?   "Having been to Salt Lake City, my goal is now to win a medal and this is certainly the peak of my career so far. 
 "My skiing is stronger, my mental attitude is stronger, and I know I'm able to compete against the top guys." 
  Top speed?   "On a downhill, you're looking at a coasting speed of around 50-60mph - and being sat down and close to the ground, you certainly feel it as well." 
  Docker, who competes sitting down on a monoski, was one of only two GB athletes who competed at the Salt Lake City Games in 2002.  
   LIZ MILLER   
            My mother really didn't like the idea of me skiing again but she also knew how much I loved it      Liz Miller         How did your accident happen?   "I was 17 and was on my last family skiing holiday. I was out on an easy blue/green run in the three valleys in France and there was a little jump on the side of the slope, so I thought I'd take it. 
 "I landed it perfectly but it was the end of the season and the snow was really slushy, so it stopped my skis instantly. 
 "My body kept on going, so I came out of my bindings and broke my leg. 
 "But over the course of a few months, there was a complication in hospital and basically my muscles just suffocated and died after too much swelling, so the leg got so badly infected they had to amputate." 
  Why ski again?   "I lost my leg in 1997 and I think it was in 1999 I went to Tamworth snow dome - I loved skiing and I had adjusted to having an artificial leg by then and I wanted to give skiing a go again. 
 "For me, yes, the original accident was from skiing, but it wasn't a big accident. It was just a broken leg really, it was just the complications I had afterwards. 
         MILLER FACTFILE     Born:  08/11/79    Home town:  Brockenhurst    Disability:  Left leg amputated below knee. Also a Type 1 diabetic        "My mother really didn't like the idea of me skiing again but she also knew how much I loved it and she didn't calm down until she saw me race for the first time three years ago." 
  Hopes for Turin?   "My best ever result, which was in a World Cup downhill last year, is sixth place and if I can improve on that I'll be very happy. Realistically, I'm not going to win any medals but I'm going to try my hardest to do so. 
 "I think this is like a building block because I plan to go to the 2010 Paralympics. And realistically, if I'm going to win medals, it's going to be there." 
  Top speed?   "I've never been clocked, so I don't know - 60mph is probably about right." 
  Miller, the 2005 British ladies adaptive ski champion, is a standing skier who uses a prosthetic leg made specially for the sport.   