Giles bides time in new role

      By Anna Thompson  BBC Sport at Lord's        
  Instead of starting the summer out in the middle at the home of cricket, England spin bowler Ashley Giles was confined to the media centre working for BBC radio.  
   
 A month ago he was concerned that his cricket career might be over. 
 His recovery from hip surgery was not going to plan - in fact his rehabilitation seemed to be going backwards. 
 So he went back to his surgeon in Harley Street in London and they talked through the probability of another operation which would have meant him missing not only the Tests against Sri Lanka, but also the series against Pakistan later in the summer. 
 But before such drastic action was taken, Giles was referred to a hernia specialist, who diagnosed a problem known as Gilmore's groin - a tear of the adductor muscle which is difficult to detect because no hernia is present. 
 It is now two weeks since the groin problem was operated on and he is feeling much positive about the future. 
 "There were occasions when I was weak and tired when thoughts about my career being over did come into my head. But they didn't consume me and I was still trying to be positive," he told BBC Sport. 
   
 "I would run for five minutes but then the pain would return and I would have to put my feet up for a couple of days. 
 "Every time we tried to up the intensity I seemed to go backwards. It was very frustrating. 
 "I was told I would have been back bowling within three months but this was more than four months later and I was nowhere near getting back to playing cricket. 
 "So you can imagine my relief when they pinpointed Gilmore's groin and it meant a smaller operation." 
 Giles has now begun light running on a treadmill and there has been no adverse reaction. 
 "It is still an open wound so it is bound to be a little tender but it definitely isn't sore," he said. 
 His plan now is to run for longer periods, then start with stretching exercises and lifting weights and then finally he will be able to bowl again. 
 "I haven't bowled since I came home in December so I can't wait for that," said Giles, who hopes to be involved in the Tests against Pakistan. 
 For now, however, he has to be content with work for TV and radio. 
 "It is frustrating being sat in the commentary box when I want to be out there playing, especially when I've got to share a room with (BBC Five Live's) Pat Murphy." 
  