Feel-good factor

      By Anna Thompson  BBC Sport at Lord's        
  It was the earliest ever start to an English Test summer as Andrew Flintoff and his team began the match against Sri Lanka at Lord's.  
   
 And a glorious sunny day was the reward for spectators eager to see a side whose last appearance on home soil was last September when they triumphed in the Ashes against Australia at The Oval. 
 It seems the feel-good factor following that famous series win has carried over with new-found fans clamouring for more. 
 England versus Sri Lanka would not normally have been a sell-out, but there are hardly any of the 29,000 tickets left for the first three days' play at the home of cricket. 
 A spokeswoman for Marylebone Cricket Club, which owns Lord's, told BBC Sport: "Ticket sales are very good for this year. 
 "The numbers are up on last year but it's hard to compare because England were playing Bangladesh and we wouldn't have expected as big crowds for that series. 
 "There is definitely a feel-good factor about cricket at the moment and people are happy to come along and support England." 
 Spectators, some armed with cans of lager or bottles of wine, were thoroughly enjoying the sporting and social occasion but by mid-afternoon as they celebrated Marcus Trescothick's 14th Test century they were looking rather pink in the sun. 
 There were queues for the numerous ice-cream outlets and champagne and Pimms bars, and the usual lager and beer salesmen were doing a roaring trade. 
   
 It was also one of the busiest days at the Lord's Shop with security men having to control the number of fans entering the store. 
 Manager Alan Pryer said all the England merchandise was flying off the shelves. 
 But equally popular items for a hot day were sun lotion and hats. 
 "Ashes fever has carried over and there is much more interest in buying England cricket gear," he said. 
 "We knew ticket sales had gone well but you never know how busy the shop will be, but I can safely say it is one of the busiest days we have ever had." 
 Those who were worried English cricket could not keep up the excitement and enjoyment after last summer need only to head to Lord's to realise it is continuing to thrive. 
  