Foreigners up for Cup - Benitez

        FA CUP FINAL      Saturday 13 May   Kick-off: 1500 BST   Live on BBC One, BBC Radio Five Live & the BBC Sport website       Manager Rafael Benitez insists an FA Cup final winners medal is as important to Liverpool's foreign stars as it is to the English players.  
 He said: "The English players are ready and desperate to play in the final and it is the same for the foreign players. 
 "It is not a problem if you are Spanish, like me, or English, we want to win for the club. 
 "I think we have improved a lot this year and if we win the Cup it will be the icing on the cake."   
 He added: "In terms of our progression I will be really happy if we win a trophy because then when you think about the future you have more confidence. 
 "Every season we think how we can win trophies. That's our idea and this Cup competition is one of the most important cup competitions in the world. 
 "The Champions League is a massive competition with everyone in the world watching the final. 
 "But the FA Cup is also a good competition. It is more domestic, but once you get to the final it is similar." 
 Captain  Steven Gerrard  is determined to add to his FA Cup winners medal from 2002 when he leads out the Liverpool side on Saturday. 
 He said: "If we get a good result against West Ham it will get me in the right frame of mind for the World Cup. 
 "I know what it feels like to win an FA Cup, it was one of the highlights of my career and I want to experience that again. 
 "I have always dreamed of playing in cup finals, but I will be captain this time and that makes it very special to me. 
 "I have won the Cup in Cardiff before, but this will be my first time as skipper and we need to do the job properly. 
 Midfielder  Harry Kewell  insists Liverpool do not consider themselves favourites to win the Cup. 
   
 He said: "FA Cup finals can only come around once in a career, and you have to take the opportunity when it comes. 
 "When you play in a final all the talk about favourites counts for nothing, because both teams have earned their place and they are as good as one another. 
 "I wouldn't say one team is favourite over another - and after being underdogs in Istanbul for the Champions League final last season, we all know what can happen on the day." 
 Goalkeeper  Pepe Reina  is confident that he can win the cup for Liverpool if the match goes to penalties. 
 He said: "I know I have a reputation in Spain for saving penalties - but I hope it does not come to that. I know the fans will be saying, 'We are okay now, Pepe will save the penalties'. 
 "I want to win in the 90 minutes. We practise penalties every day with little competitions, and I do OK. 
 "But if that happened I will be ready. It is a lottery, but I will be focused."  