Alexander wants positive Gretna

        SCOTTISH CUP FINAL      Hearts v Gretna   1500 BST, Saturday 13 May   Hampden Park, Glasgow   Live on BBC One Scotland, BBC Radio Scotland and this website       Gretna manager Rowan Alexander singled out Paul Hartley as Hearts' danger man for the Scottish Cup final but will not be altering his attacking tactics.  
 He said: "Paul Hartley is the person who really sets the trend in terms of how his team plays and performs. 
 "But we are a positive club and we rarely linger on the negatives or fear. Fortune favours the brave, so we won't change our style one bit. 
 "We've been successful doing what we do so why change to accommodate others?"   
 Hartley has been outstanding for Hearts this season, the highlight of his 18-goal campaign so far being a hat-trick in a 4-0 semi-final win over Hibernian. 
               
 "It pleases me to see his work rate, enthusiasm and energy - because that's something that's been sadly lacking in the Scottish game," continued Alexander. 
 "He really does deserve his international place, because of his attitude to the game. 
 "When he triggers things off you can see the tempo of his team pick up - and if we can't match that then we could be really sore losers." 
          I couldn't walk away. It would be unthinkable      Rowan Alexander        
 Alexander enjoys a good relationship with the club's wealthy benefactor Brooks Mileson but revealed that it had been problematic to keep the owner from meddling in team affairs. 
 He added: "Brooks knows the boundaries now - but he found it difficult at the start because he didn't realise that football wasn't like a normal business. 
 "Brooks wanted to be involved in the selection of personnel coming into the club. 
 "But I said 'Wait a minute, this is the team I want to build; this is the system that I want to play - and these players aren't going to be good for us'. 
 "When the results followed on from that he obviously realised that he was better off just being a business man and letting the manager take care of the football. 
 And Alexander claims that his rapport with Mileson means it would be "unthinkable" for him to be poached away from Raydale Park by a bigger club. 
 He said: "We have a very strong bond, and Brooks knows my feelings. 
 "I look at my life in general, not just in football terms, and think about what has been created and what we are building. 
 "I would have the last say if a club came in for me. But given where this club has been and how hard we've fought for what we've got, I couldn't walk away. It would be unthinkable." 
  