Day two at Lord's as it happened

   FIRST TEST, LORD'S, DAY TWO - MATCH SUMMARY:  England 551-6 dec v Sri Lanka 91-6 (close)    
   England debutant Sajid Mahmood grabbed an astonishing three wickets in his first four overs in Test cricket as Sri Lanka lost their way at Lord's.  
 Matthew Hoggard struck twice early on after England had declared on 551-6, Kevin Pietersen hitting 158. 
 Then the sheer pace of Lancashire star Mahmood rattled the Sri Lankan batsmen. Kumar Sangakkara was held at slip before two batsmen fell lbw for ducks. 
 At stumps, the tourists were 91-6 looking horribly out of their depth.  
 
  LATEST UPDATES (All times BST)     
  STUMPS: SRI LANKA 91-6    
  1809:  The umpires confer before offering the light, which the batsmen gladly accept and that is stumps. A tremendous day for England, particularly Pietersen and Mahmood. 
  1807:  Noting the late swing Mahmood has been getting, Flintoff brings back Hoggard but Jayawardene negotiates a maiden over. 
  "Maharoof moved away from that Mahmood bouncer pretty well. He's a number-eight batsman but he looks more organised than some of the top order"    TMS analyst Mike Gatting gives some hope to Sri Lanka supporters  
  1758:  Clarke fields well to keep Maharoof down to three after a firm push through the covers off Flintoff. The clouds are gathering over Lord's and rain appears to be Sri Lanka's best hope of avoiding defeat. 
  1755:  After a brief delay - caused no doubt because the next batsman was still padding up - Mahmood tries a repeat but it is too full this time and down the leg-side, allowing Maharoof to pick up three. A crescendo of applause rings around the ground to salute Mahmood, who takes his cap with figures of 3-9 off four overs. 
  1752: WICKET SRI LANKA 85-6 Kapugedera 0   Mahmood wins the battle of the debutants when he produces a searing inswinging yorker which hits Kapugedera full on the front pad and the umpire has an easy decision to send the young Sri Lankan on his way after just one ball. 
  1749: WICKET SRI LANKA 85-5 Dilshan 0   A comical run-out leaves the Sri Lankans in some disarray. Dilshan plays the ball out on the off-side but is left stranded when Jayawardene declines the single and the ball is returned to Jones by Hoggard. 
  1749:  Jayawardene collects four streaky runs when he edges down to third man but his side need something special to pull themselves out of this. 
  1744:  Mahmood welcomes Dilshan with a rapid inswinger which hits the front pad but the lbw appeal is rejected. The Bolton-born 24-year-old is bowling a tremendous spell around the 90mph mark and the Sri Lankans are struggling. 
  1741: WICKET Sri Lanka 81-4 Samaraweera 0   In his next over Mahmood is milimetres away from bowling Samaraweera but strikes next ball with another quick delivery which traps the new batsman lbw. 
  1732: WICKET SRI LANKA 81-3 Sangakkara 21   Mahmood strikes with his 12th ball in Test cricket, using his extra pace to induce an edge from Sangakkara and Trescothick makes no mistake at first slip. 
  1728:  But the anti-Jones brigade have more ammunition when the wicket-keeper drops Jayawardene. It wasn't the easiest of chances but one any Test-class gloveman ought to be taking. 
  1727:  The Panesar fan club is in good voice as young Monty is called into action twice in the over. 
  1725:  Flintoff puts Plunkett out of his misery and replaces him at the Pavillion End. England will be hoping for at least one more wicket in whatever time we have left on the second evening. 
  1720:  Mahmood's second ball is short and wide and Jayawardene cuts to the backward point boundary. He runs up to deliver his third and drops the ball just as he is about to launch it. The nerves are clearly gripping him as the next two are speared down the leg-side - but comfortably quicker than anything else in this game. 
  1719:  A special moment for Lancashire paceman Mahmood - cousin of boxer Amir Khan - as he is brought on from the Nursery End. The only surprise is that Flintoff has waited so long. 
  1714:  Plunkett is really struggling and he gifts Sangakkara eight easy runs by erring down the leg-side and dropping the ball short and wide of off-stump. Flintoff gives Mahmood a signal to prepare for his first spell in Test cricket. 
  1712:  Flintoff again finds some bounce to almost tempt Sangakkara into edging outside off-stump. 
  1708:  Plunkett's case is not being helped by the regularity with which boundaries are being scored off him. Jayawardene plays him through the vacant third-man region for four more. 
  "I want your opinion of Plunkett - and don't waffle"    Geoff Boycott to TMS colleague Jonathan Agnew  
  "He's promising, has a good action, bowls accurately, has a bit of nip but I'm not sure what he bowls yet. The England hierarchy like him because he can bat too"    Aggers makes a brave case for the defence  
  "We have an all-rounder and he's the best in the world. You want people to take wickets"    'Fiery' settles the argument  
  1656:  Flintoff pins Jayawardene in his crease but his lbw appeal is rejected by umpire Dar and replays suggest it would have missed leg-stump. 
  1653:  Flintoff replaces Hoggard after a drinks break and is turned backward of square-leg for four by Jayawardene to bring up 50 for Sri Lanka. These two batsmen have scored more than 9,000 Test runs between them and the ball has stopped darting around so it could be harder work for the hosts now. 
  1648:  Substitute fielder Clarke, produces a fine stop to prevent four more off Plunkett when Sangakkara latches on to another half-volley. A first spell in Test cricket cannot be far away for Lancashire tyro Mahmood. 
  "I always ask: 'Is the bowler going to threaten me' - with Plunkett I don't feel that"    Ex-England batsman Geoff Boycott, as usual, gives it straight to TMS listeners  
  1638:  Jayawardene dispatches a half-volley from Plunkett through mid-wicket for four. The Durham seamer has looked innocuous compared with Flintoff and Hoggard. 
  1628:  Jayawardene is squared up by Plunkett and edges through the slip cordon to the third-man boundary. 
  "Hoggard is such an underrated bowler. He has probably been our most consistent bowler over the last five or so years"    Djibrils_Hairdresser on the TMS messageboard  
  1625:  Plunkett comes on for Flintoff and almost finds the outside edge of Sangakkara's bat with his first ball, which is full and wide. 
  1623:  There is a huge roar when Panesar, sporting a black  patka  (mini-turban) a la Harbhajan Singh, chases the ball on the on-side. The left-arm spinner developed a cult following in India which has spilled over to England. 
  1620:  Hoggard is getting prodigious movement in helpful conditions and suddenly this does not look a 551-6 pitch. 
  1614:  Sri Lanka's best two batsmen are at the crease now and Sangakkara is lucky to still be there when a beauty from Flintoff whizzes past the stumps. He and captain Jayawardene have a massive reconstruction job on their hands. 
  1611: WICKET SRI LANKA 21-2 Tharanga 10   It's deja vu and Test wicket number 199 for Hoggard when he swings one back into Tharanga, who foolishly shoulders arms and is sent packing when the ball thuds into his pad. He looks unhappy but that was also plumb. 
  1609:  Tharanga thrashes a wide delivery from Hoggard high over gully. 
  1605:  Flintoff sends down the quickest ball of the match at 85.4mph. The ball disappears at an even quicker rate when the big all-rounder dishes out a wide half-volley and Sangakkara drives for four. 
  1557:  A quick and short delivery from Flintoff surprises Tharanga and flies off his helmet over the wicket-keeper for four leg-byes. The young left-hander is more convincing when he plays a flashing cover drive to pick up his first boundary. 
  1556:  Tharanga shuffles across and gets an inside edge on to his pads to pick up two down to fine-leg off Flintoff. 
  1554:  Sri Lanka are finally underway as Sangakkara picks up two to end a fine over from Hoggard. 
  1549: WICKET SRI LANKA 0-1 Mubarak 0   Hoggard swings one back in and Mubarak disastrously chooses to play back and is trapped plumb lbw. Just the start England wanted and Test victim number 198 for Hoggard. 
  1544:  Flintoff resists the temptation to hand debutant Sajid Mahmood the ball and bowls himself at the Pavillion End. 
  1540:  Hoggard, sporting an unusually neat haircut, gets the ball to swing back considerably into left-hander Mubarak - there is more cloud cover than before. 
  1538:  Substitute Rikki Clarke is fielding in place of Andrew Strauss, who twisted his ankle during fielding practice earlier in the day. Matthew Hoggard will open the bowling. 
  1537:  Flintoff has his players in a huddle for what could be a long session. Can England's seamers extract more life out of this pitch than the Sri Lankans? 
  TEA: England 551-6 declared  
  "I thought it would be 600-650 but this is Andrew Flintoff and he does things differently. They'll now be hoping to take a few wickets before the close"    Alec Stewart tells TMS he is as surprised as anyone  
  1516:  Flintoff moves to 27 with a huge swipe off Muralitharan which he mis-times but the ball still rockets away through mid-wicket. He then wallops the off-spinner a few rows back in the same region and promptly tells the umpires he's had enough - England declare, somewhat surprisingly, on their highest ever score against Sri Lanka of 551-6. 
  1512:  England's total is boosted by four more byes as Kulasekara strays down the leg-side and Sangakkara is left to smile ruefully for the fourth time today. 
  1509:  There is not much of a wait as Flintoff makes clean contact and the ball soars over the mid-wicket fence. 
  1506:  It's Dilshan's turn to gingerly feel his fingers as he gets in the way of another ferocious shot from Flintoff at mid-wicket, a pull off Muralitharan. The England captain is winding himself up for an assault on the bowling. 
  1503:  Flintoff leans into one from Vaas and it races away through mid-wicket for four. He then hammers one straight back at the bowler and Vaas does well to get a hand to it. 
  "The Sri Lankans just can't generate enough pace - 79mph is not quick enough for Test-match level"    TMS analyst Geoff Boycott is not the visiting seamers' biggest fan  
  1500:  Jones makes room for himself outside off-stump and hammers Muralitharan through the covers for his first boundary. 
  "Not wanting to be a harbinger of doom but we have just had a heavy thunderstorm up here in Scunthorpe after two-and-a-half days of glorious sunshine. Let's hope it's not heading south towards you!"    Del in the TMS inbox  
  1454:  Flintoff's next scoring shot is much more emphatic, a crunching drive off Muralitharan for four. If he gets going there could be plenty more punishment for the weary tourists. 
  1451:  Another opportunity goes begging for Sri Lanka as Flintoff casually lofts the ball back down the wicket and Vaas is slow to react. The England captain picks up his first run in fortuitous circumstances. 
  1446:  Jones, one of two new batsmen at the crease, is off the mark straight away with a single. Muralitharan now has 3-129 off 44 overs. 
  1444: WICKET: ENGLAND 502-6 Collingwood 57   As so often happens after a big partnership, two wickets fall in quick succession. Collingwood plays back to Muralitharan and is bowled comprehensively by a quicker delivery. There is polite applause as he goes off, compared with the cheers for Pietersen. 
  "One Goliath has been replaced by another Goliath but the Davids are very tired"    TMS analyst Mike Gatting sees no respite for the tourists with the arrival of Flintoff  
  1440: WICKET: ENGLAND 502-5 Pietersen 158   But the very next ball brings a breakthrough for the beleagured Sri Lankans. Not for the first time in his career, Pietersen plays across the line to force the ball through the on-side and is trapped plumb lbw by Vaas. 
  1438:  Pietersen latches on to a full-toss from Vaas to take England past 500 and equal his highest score. 
  1435:  For the third time today, four byes are conceded as Collingwood is beaten by a flatter one that Muralitharan pushes through and Sangakkara misses it too. 
  1433:  Pietersen plays a delightful back-foot push to pick up three off Muralitharan. In between the usual bombast, there has been some subtlety from the 25-year-old. 
  1430:  Vaas launches a loud and prolonged lbw appeal against Collingwood but Aleem Dar correctly rules it was high. Pietersen then goes for a big hit and slices it high on the off-side but safely away from a fielder - which is what happens when you place most of them on the boundary... 
  1429:  Pietersen takes off his helmet and points his bat around the ground after completing 150 for the second time in his short Test career. His runs have come off only 197 balls. 
  1426:  Dilshan is taken out of the firing line and Jayawardene turns to his most experienced seamer, Vaas, but his first ball back is called a wide. 
  1418:  More cause for celebration as Collingwood nudges Muralitharan down to third man for three to go past 50. He has looked very secure while Pietersen has chanced his arms at the other end. 
 "Victor looks like he's just acted in a scene in The Da Vinci Code he looks so debonair"   Henry Blofeld is impressed by TMS colleague Vic Marks' attire  
  1415:  Jaywardene has his men set deep to Pietersen but it makes no difference as the Hampshire star lofts Dilshan high over mid-wicket and into the crowd. The 150 partnership comes up off 200 balls. 
  1408:  Another slice of fortune for Pietersen, who sweeps at Muralitharan and the ball flies off his glove to Jayawardene running round to short fine-leg but the skipper fails to hold on to a relatively easy chance. 
 "As a hockey player, I am beginning to think that I am playing the wrong sport. If Pietersen can do it, maybe I should throw away my hockey stick, forget anything I was taught about orthodox technique at school and put myself forward for an England place! There is hope for us all"   James writing in to TMS  
  1404:  Pietersen comes down the wicket but his drive off Dilshan - who replaces the ineffectual Maharoof - miscues out on the off-side. Every little bit of luck that has been going has favoured England but the Sri Lankans have bowled some pretty mediocre stuff. 
  As you may have noticed we had a slight glitch with our scorecard, which has now been solved.  
  1355:  The Sri Lankans are starting to become ragged and Maharoof sends down a delivery so far outside off-stump it is called a wide by Aleem Dar. 
  1351:  Pietersen fetches a ball from Muralitharan from outside off-stump and sweeps it high over square-leg. Collingwood then cracks him over mid-wicket and a man with more than 600 Test wickets to his name is being made to look very ordinary.  England 452-4  
  1347:  Collingwood tries to drag one from Maharoof from outside off-stump and under-edges it for four. The runs are leaking at an alarming rate from a Sri Lankan point of view and England could be up to 650 before stumps. 
  1342:  The players are back out and Muralitharan will bowl the first over after lunch. Collingwood forces him away square on the off-side for the first run and will also be targeting a century. Pietersen caresses the ball through the covers sumptuously for four to move to 126 and is looking well set to surpass the 158 he made in the final Ashes Test last summer. 
  LUNCH: England 432-4 (Pietersen 120, Collingwood 31)  
  1300:  The field is set well back for the final over before lunch from Kulasekara and the tourists are starting to look forlorn as Pietersen strokes the ball down the ground sweetly for his 16th four to bring up the century partnership. England will be delighted with their work this morning - 114 runs for the loss of night-watchman Hoggard - and they still have Flintoff to come. 
  1256:  Good cricket from Collingwood as he edges Muralitharan deliberately down to third man and they come back for three. Sri Lanka's defensive mindset is illustrated by the absence of a slip fielder to the second most prolific bowler in history. These two have now brought up a record fifth-wicket partnership for England against Sri Lanka. 
  1247:  Collingwood is beaten by a good Kulasekara delivery which bounces - there is still enough there in the pitch but the Sri Lankans have not made the most of it. 
  1245:  More hockey skills in evidence as Pietersen gives Kulasekara the charge, and drives with a heavy dose of bottom hand down the ground. He picks up a single later in the over to register 1,000 runs in Test cricket in his 23rd innings. 
  1242:  Another black mark against Sangakkara as Collingwood misses with his attempt at a sweep off Muralitharan and the ball runs down to the fine-leg fence for four more byes. 
  1237:  Collingwood produces a classic square-cut off Kulasekara for yet another boundary. His progress has been effortless and very easy on the eye. 
  "We've had a crow and some ducks today. The bird life is looking up"    TMS commentator Henry Blofeld is never too hard to distract  
  "Trying desperately to revise for my law exams, but keep getting distracted by Blofeld - his talk of cranes yesterday destroyed me. I lost about an hour purely to laughter"   Sam in the TMS inbox catches the fever  
  1231:  Pietersen's third century comes up in surprisingly delicate fashion, the ball running down to third man of a controlled edge for three. The South African-born 25-year-old leaps in the air in delight after reaching three figures off 129 balls in 214 minutes. A single a few minutes later brings up the 400 for England - they will have their sights set on at least another 100 more.  England 400-4  
  1227:  Another quite extraordinary shot from Pietersen who hooks a head-high delivery from Kulasekara to move to 96. There is a loud appeal for lbw next ball but he shuffles across outside the line of off-stump and he then keeps out a good yorker. Words like watching, paint and dry are never used when KP Pietersen is in! 
  1223:  Collingwood is producing the classic cricket shots and gives himself space to drive one that Muralitharan drops short quite exquisitely for four through the off-side. The Durham all-rounder blossomed into a fully-fledged Test batsman during the winter and a big score here will present a problem for the selectors when Vaughan is fit again. 
  1219:  Kulasekara replaces the hapless Maharoof at the Nursery End. 
  1217:  Pietersen heaves Muralitharan into the Mound Stand, where a nimble spectator - with beer glass in one hand - pouches the catch. It was a mighty blow, fetched again from outside off-stump and brings up the fifty partnership. 
  "I grabbed an apple, as suggested by Aggers, and attempted a 'doosra'. Apart from pulling various tendons and muscles I still am completely doosrad by the doosra. Thanks for trying...now can Mr Boycott try?"    Lynsey Pledger in the TMS inbox  
               
  1211:  Pietersen treats a half-volley from Maharoof with the contempt it deserves, smearing it through the covers. It was hardly text-book stuff but the next shot is even more unorthodox - a hockey-style on-drive on the move which is stopped at mid-on. 
  1207:  An interesting hour before lunch is on the cards as Pietersen sweeps Muralitharan from outside off-stump for two. How long before the fireworks begin? 
  1159:  Pietersen plays the ball down to the third man boundary off Maharoof to move to 76. He tries to crash a shorter no-ball through mid-wicket but fails to get hold of it properly again. 
  "Because I have a bad cold, Mum has kept me at home today and I am having a great time listening to the Test on my DAB radio. I think we're doing brilliantly, and I'm longing for Freddie F to come in. I love cricket and bat at number three in a mixed team at school. My highest score is 47, but it's usually less than that"    Jemma (11) writing in to TMS  
  1155:  Predictably, the rash of boundaries brings a change, with Muralitharan coming on for Vaas at the Pavillion End. 
  1152:  Collingwood is fortunate when he cuts one too close to his body and gets an inside edge off Maharoof with the ball just missing the stumps. 
  1146:  A shoddy piece of keeping from Sangakkara brings up the 350 for England via four byes when Pietersen misses a leg-side Vaas delivery. The next two balls illustrate the ugly and elegant of cricket: Pietersen flips Vaas one-day style through mid-wicket for three and Collingwood on-drives with aplomb for his third boundary.  England 357-4  
  1141:  Pietersen finds the gap this time and hammers a loose ball from Maharoof in between mid-off and cover for his first boundary. Maharoof reaches his century - 102 runs conceded - but another wide one almost finds the edge as Pietersen attempts to flay it. 
  1138:  The shot of the morning so far from Collingwood, who punches Vaas off the back foot through the off-side for his second four. It was by no means the worst delivery of the day but the timing was so immaculate it raced away. 
  1132:  Pietersen drives Maharoof to cover where Muralitharan fails to stop it cleanly and three runs are taken. How long will it be before the brilliant off-spinner comes on to bowl himself? 
  "This is a golden opportunity for Collingwood to cement a place. He's always going to be the fall guy if and when Vaughan comes back into the side."    Researcher 213233 on the TMS message board  
  1128:  Collingwood gets off the mark with a thick edge that runs away off Vaas down to third man for the first boundary of the day. 
  1126:  Maharoof is cover-driven twice with ferocity by Pietersen but Tharanga stops the ball each time, wincing with pain the second time. 
  1121: WICKET: ENGLAND 329-4 Hoggard 7   Hoggard confidently pushes Vaas through mid-on for two but plays all around the next one and is comprehensively bowled by a slower yorker. 
  "The first aeroplane flies past. There were none yesterday because the flight path was over Windsor Castle I think"    TMS commentator Henry Blofeld warms up  
  1117:  Pietersen is very watchful as Maharoof completes a maiden - the calm before the storm perhaps. 
  1111:  Pietersen is in no mood to hang around and pulls Vaas in ungainly fashion from outside off-stump through mid-wicket for three. 
  1105:  Hoggard plays an expansive cover drive off Maharoof but makes no contact. Pietersen walks up to offer some advice.   "He's probably saying, 'Hit it harder'"    TMS analyst Ashley Giles  
  1100:  Pietersen turns Vaas through mid-wicket to pick up a single off the first ball of the day. He is on 55 now. Hoggard produces a similar shot and times it better, but a fine piece of fielding keeps him down to one. He is on three off 23 balls. 
  1056:  The tourists come out followed by the umpires and, finally, Pietersen and night-watchman Hoggard. Can Pietersen go on and complete his third Test century after being caught off a no-ball late on the first day? 
  1045:  An absolutely glorious morning at Lord's again with the sun beating down. It could be another long day in the field for the Sri Lankans.  