Windies look to finish Zimbabwe

  West Indies are keen to complete a series sweep over Zimbabwe this weekend as a warm-up for more challenging encounters with India next week.  
 The hosts hold a 4-0 lead with the remaining games in Port of Spain, Trinidad on Saturday and Sunday. 
 "Hopefully, these matches will be the start of something to come," said captain Brian Lara. 
 "We have an important series starting next Thursday and the next 200 overs against Zimbabwe, we must execute."  
 West Indies have brought wicket-keeper Carlton Baugh and left-arm pace bowler Ian Bradshaw back for the rested Denesh Ramdin and Sewnarine Chattergoon. 
          We just have to keep working and keep trying to do the basics and, hopefully, a win will come      Zimbabwe's Terrence Duffin        
 And Lara made it clear there would be no mercy for Zimbabwe, who have not beaten a major nation in a one-day international since West Indies visited in November 2003. 
 "I told the guys from the beginning that if we were batting second, we should try to achieve our target in less than 35 overs," he said. 
 "If we are bowling second, we should try to win the games by 100 runs." 
 Zimbabwe will continue to monitor the fitness of Justice Chibhabha, their leading run-scorer on the tour so far. 
 Captain Terrence Duffin hopes the this weekend'ss games will toughen his side up for their one-day series against Bermuda and Canada in Trinidad next week. 
 "We just have to keep working and keep trying to do the basics and, hopefully, a win will come," he said. 
 "We will go into the competition with Bermuda and Canada with the experience we have gained from this series. 
 "This series will be a big help for us and, hopefully, we can prove something there," he added. 
  West Indies (from):  B Lara (capt), C Baugh (wkt), I Bradshaw, D Bravo, S Chanderpaul, C Collymore, F Edwards, C Gayle, D Mohammed, R Morton, M Samuels, R Sarwan, D Smith, J Taylor. 
  Zimbabwe (from):  T Duffin (capt), J Chibhabha, E Chigumbura, C Coventry, K Dabengwa, R Higgins, A Ireland, B Mahwire, K Meth, T Mupariwa, P Rinke, V Sibanda, G Strydom, B Taylor (wkt), P Utseya. 
  