Costello on boxing

      By Mike Costello  BBC Five Live boxing correspondent        
  In his latest column for the BBC Sport website, Radio Five Live commentator Mike Costello gets up close and personal with Ricky Hatton ahead of his latest world title fight.  
 He sees Hatton's two distinct sides and witnesses the least aggro pre-fight press conference imaginable. 
   HATTON'S JEKYLL AND HYDE   
   As Bostonians might say, he's in a good place and Ricky Hatton looks like he belongs in the build-up to a big fight. 
 In a gym in Somerville for a blistering sparring session there were two very clear versions of the man. 
 The first was a truculent sort of demon who must have frightened his own reflection as he shadow boxed in the mirror. 
 The second appeared from the changing room wearing different clothes and a fresh personality to boot. 
 In a matter of seconds he was the epitome of humility and humour, so much so it's hard to believe the first even exists. 
 I've wondered likewise in the company of Joe Calzaghe and Barry McGuigan in the past - they're easy going but only when the going is easy. 
   LET HIM EAT CAKE   
 Hatton's trainer Billy Graham celebrated his 51st birthday on Thursday. After the public workout, a cake was produced to mark the occasion. 
 The presentation was made in the centre of the ring with Hatton, who then turned and shuffled over towards the phalanx of reporters and photographers leaning at the ropes and slammed the culinary delight into the face of the Daily Star newspaper's Kevin Francis. 
 The gym erupted as Francis, who's comfortably in the superheavyweight division, proceeded to eat the scraps adorning his face. He'd seen it coming. 
 But in explaining away his chocolate frenzy, the words of Jack Dempsey 90 years ago came flooding back - "honey I forgot to duck!" 
   ALL SWEETNESS AND LIGHT   
 A week after Ricardo Moyarga spat barbs at Oscar de la Hoya in language that would have embarrassed a gutter, the final head-to-head press conference with Hatton and Luis Collazo could hardly have produced a more refreshing advertisement for their sport. 
 Hatton stood at the podium and spoke without notes or hesitation for three minutes offering reasoned thoughts on himself, his opponent and the fight. 
 Collazo responded by presenting Hatton with a case of six bottles of Guinness. The only six pack he's going to get near while he's in America. 
 Hatton smiled and the smile suggested otherwise. 
  