Trescothick pays England back

      By Martin Gough  BBC Sport at Lord's        
  Much has happened between Marcus Trescothick's 13th Test century, a majestic 193 against Pakistan in a match England should have won in Multan in November, and his 14th, against Sri Lanka at Lord's.  
   When he slog-swept Muttiah Muralitharan for six to pass 50, Trescothick looked as though he had never been away. 
 But through a difficult start to the innings, with Sri Lanka's bowlers exploiting helpful early conditions, he batted like a man grimly determined to prove he deserved his automatic Test return despite his dramatic departure from India. 
 The circumstances surrounding his return home in February remain clouded. 
 Team statements at the time mentioned "personal, family reasons" but the batsman himself later blamed a virus then spoke in depth about burnout. 
          I was a bit nervous going out in the morning but I played the innings as I would have done six months ago      Marcus Trescothick        Speaking at the end of the day he was relaxed and happy but keen not to look back at a difficult winter, and denied there was any change to his approach at the crease. 
 "I'd drawn a line under it when I came back playing for Somerset," he said. 
               "There's been a bit of pressure and a bit of media attention with coming back after being out for a while but I moved on weeks ago. 
 "I was a bit nervous going out in the morning but I played the innings as I would have done six months ago so there's not too much difference." 
          The expectation of the team is to make runs and do well or there's someone coming in to take your spot      Marcus Trescothick        Without him and injured captain Michael Vaughan in India, England were obviously short of first innings runs throughout the series. 
 They managed to pull the series out of the fire with victory in Mumbai, though, and two young batsmen - Alastair Cook and Owais Shah - got the chance to display their ability and ambition. 
 Coach Duncan Fletcher's faith in his first-choice players is such that Trescothick's place was not in doubt once he had declared his availability once more. 
 After that, Shah knew he was going to be consigned to the fringes, despite his 88 on debut in that historic third Test. 
 Cook - who replaced Ian Bell at Lord's - had the luxury of being eased into his first Test on home soil as the 70-Test veteran absorbed the pressure. 
 "I think we're always under pressure to make runs. The expectation of the team is to make runs and do well or there's someone coming in to take your spot," said Trescothick. 
 "Over the last six months, to stay in the team you have to up your game all the time and make the standards that are required at the highest level. 
 "It's a good thing for the team because people on the inside are playing well and there are people pushing from the outside." 
   In the past, Trescothick has scorned the famous Geoffrey Boycott maxim of "getting runs by not getting out", preferring instead to go on the attack early against all but the best bowlers. 
 At Lord's, even facing an attack that Boycott fancied his mother's chances against, he did not settle until well into the opening day. 
 With the ball moving around early on, he edged Chaminda Vaas just in front of slip then got an inside edge off Farveez Maharoof just past his stumps. 
 Muralitharan had reason to feel aggrieved too as umpire Rudi Koertzen turned down an lbw appeal that had little wrong with it when Trescothick had 28 to his name. 
 By the time Murali was expressing his displeasure again, the big left-hander had found his feet, sweeping the star spinner with increased confidence and punishing the lesser lights that made up the attack. 
 As Trescothick celebrated his century, waving his bat to all corners of the home of cricket, Michael Atherton - a man who knows all about gritty innings - broke the unwritten rule of the press box to applaud. 
 Perhaps his relief at reaching three figures could be blamed for his subsequent dismissal, and failure to secure another massive total. 
 But a century on his first day back at work was the best way possible for Trescothick to prove he belongs at the top of the England order. 
  