Ivanauskas relaxed ahead of final

        SCOTTISH CUP FINAL      Hearts v Gretna   1500 BST, Saturday 13 May   Hampden Park, Glasgow   Live on BBC One Scotland, BBC Radio Scotland and this website       Hearts interim head coach Valdas Ivanauskas insists the build-up to the Scottish Cup final has been easy.  
 He said: "It was easy to get the players focused for this game. It has been the easiest week of the season. 
 "There was a lot of pressure on us after the SPL split into two. We had been first or second all season. 
 "But by finishing second it means we've had a very good season and it's also psychologically good for us ahead of the final."   
 The Edinburgh club will conclude an extraordinary campaign by trying to bring the trophy back to Tynecastle for the first time since 1998. 
 Despite losing two managers, a director of football, a chief executive and a chairman this season, Hearts clinched a place in the Champions League qualifiers for the first time. 
               
 And Ivanauskas is in no doubt that his players can go on to improve an already impressive season. He added: "The Champions League place was very important for the club, the players and also for me. 
 "But this game is special because it's a big chance to win the cup. And the players know how important that is for the supporters. 
          The big team can sometimes have problems with smaller sides      Valdas Ivanauskas        
 "There are 35,000 Hearts fans going, so it's a big day for them. 
 "I have respect for Gretna. They won their league with a big points difference but it wasn't easy. It was hard work for the manager and the players. 
 "We are favourites in this game, but it's a final and the big team can sometimes have problems with smaller sides." 
 However, even if Hearts win, the former FBK Kaunas boss will forego celebrations temporarily and go for his customary pitch-side walk to clear his head. 
 Ivanauskas said: "It's very important for every manager to do what they need to do to get rid of pressure. 
 "It's very hard after you win or lose a game, you have to learn from it. "I go for a walk for 10 or 15 minutes to think about the game, that's my style. 
 "I wouldn't say I was relaxed ahead of this game, but I have a good feeling about it." 
 
  