Manchester magic

    
   The world's top disabled athletes headed to Manchester for seven days of elite action at the second Visa Paralympic World Cup.  
 The four-sport invitational event featured wheelchair basketball, athletics, swimming and track cycling. 
 Some of the world's leading disability athletes put in some top performances with 16 world records falling during the prestigious event. 
 BBC Sport rounds up the highs and lows from each of the sports.  
 
               Events:  Men and women's team    Schedule:   1-4 May    Venue:  Manchester Velodrome    Men's teams:  Australia, Canada,  Great Britain  , Sweden        Women's teams:  China,  Great Britain  , Mexico, Spain          
  Wheelchair basketball  
 Paralympic champions Canada emerged victorious in Manchester, beating arch-rivals Australia 65-49 in the men's final. 
 The Canadians were at almost full-strength with Richard Peter and Patrick Anderson hitting 17 points apiece while Brad Ness had 13 points for Australia. 
 Great Britain, last year's winners, found the Canadians and the Australians too strong, especially as they were missing some key players. 
 But Dave Titmuss' side clinched a bronze medal, thanks to a 51-34 success against Sweden, led by 21 points from Terry Bywater. 
               
 The Great Britain women's team repeated their 2005 achievement, winning silver, after losing 37-22 to Mexico in the final. 
 Although GB only trailed by two points at the break thanks to some tough defence, the Mexicans started to exert their authority in the second half. 
 Spain beat China 38-36 in a tightly-contested encounter to win bronze. 
   
 
               Events:  Sprint, kilo (time trial), pursuit    Schedule:   5 May    Venue:  Manchester Velodrome    Categories:  Cerebral palsy (CP), visually impaired (B/VI), locomotor deficiencies (LC)          
  Track cycling  
 British cyclists were in impressive form at the Velodrome with five world records and seven gold medals. 
 Tandem pair Anthony Kappes and Barney Storey claimed two records in the 200m sprint and 1km time trial while Aileen McGlynn and Ellen Hunter set a world record in the 1km time trial. 
 Darren Kenny beat his own world record in the 1km time trial in the LC3/CP3 category while he was also part of the record-breaking three-man team sprint team along with Mark Bristow and swimmer Jody Cundy. 
               
 There were also world records for Chinese duo Tang Qi (LC3 500m time trial) and Jirong Wang (LC2 3,000m pursuit) and Australia's Angela Fleming (LC2 500m time trial). 
 The races gave riders some good preparations for the World Championships to be held later this year in Switzerland in September. 
   
 
               Events:  Individual medley, butterfly, backstroke, freestyle, breaststroke    Schedule:   6 May    Venue:  Manchester Aquatics Centre    Categories:  Physical disabilities (1-10), visually impaired (11-13), multi-disability events (MD)          
  Swimming  
 The swimming events once again proved highly popular with a big crowd at the Aquatics Centre to watch some top-class and exciting races. 
 Athens Paralympians Matt Walker, Andrew Lindsay, James Anderson and Sascha Kindred were all in winning form in their events. 
 Commonwealth Games bronze medallist and world record holder Walker won the S7 50m freestyle while Lindsay triumphed in the S7 100m backstroke before the pair linked up with James Crisp and David Hill to win the 4x50m freestyle relay. 
 Anderson set a new European record in both the heats and the final of the S2 50m freestyle while Kindred set a British record in the S6 50m butterfly. 
               
 There were also British records for Claire Cashmore (S9 50m freestyle) and Rachael Latham (S8 100m butterfly) 
 South African star Natalie du Toit dominated her events, breaking her own world record while winning the S9 50m freestyle and also claiming gold in the 100m multi-disability freestyle in another world best. 
 Brazilian star Clodoaldo Silva, the 2005 IPC swimmer of the year, twice improved his own S4 100m freestyle record while triumphing in the multi-disability event. 
   
 
               Events:  25 selected disciplines    Schedule:   7 May    Venue:  Manchester Regional Arena    Categories:  Visually impaired, cerebral palsy, amputees and les autres, wheelchair, dwarfism          
  Athletics  
 The blue riband event of disability sport, athletics yet again provided a showcase of the top talents in sprinting, distance running, throwing and jumping. 
 The star of the show was British wheelchair racer and London Marathon winner David Weir who claimed triple success in the T54 100m, 200m and 1500m events. 
 South African double amputee Oscar Pistorius was also in winning form with sprint success in the T44 100 and 200m. 
 But the teenager was made work hard by American Danny Andrews and also found the wet conditions in Manchester tricky to cope with. 
 Danny Crates made up for a disappointing run 12 months ago to win the T46 800m from great rival Samir Nouioua of Algeria. 
               
 But Tanni Grey Thompson had an afternoon to forget, finishing well down the field in the T53 100m and 800m 
 In the field, Britain's Kenny Churchill improved his own F37 javelin world record to claim victory while discus thrower Danny Greaves defended his F44 crown and David Gale triumphed in the F32/51 discus and Beverley Jones won the F37 shot put. 
  