Kent team bid to hit right notes

      By Jamie Lillywhite        
   Kent's cricketers have turned to music in an effort to inspire success, with the release of a new club song.  
 "This Is Our Time", written by New Zealand-born singer/songwriter Ryan Edwards, is thought to be the first song recorded by a county team. 
 Veterans David Fulton and Martin Saggers are among those singing: "We're the Spitfires and this is our time." 
 Kent spokesman Jon Fordham said: "We were keen to ensure it was not one of the cheesy football-type song variety."  
 Kent are selling the record in their club shops and on their website, but there are hopes that it may be picked up by retailers. 
   This Is Our Time:    With pride in our hearts, we play it together  And we live for the crack of willow on leather  We're the Spitfires, and this is our time    
 "We have already been approached by a number of high street stores offering to sell the CD," Fordham added. 
 Composer Edwards revealed that "for a number of reasons" the song took over a year to come to light, having taken less than an hour to write. 
 "I was writing ads for local radio stations," he told BBC Sport. 
 "We were discussing what the club wanted and I said: 'What you need is your own music. How about I come back with a demo?' 
 "It was just acoustic guitar and vocals but Jon loved it." 
          We're not exactly renowned for our singing so once we got past the nerves we really got into it      Martin Saggers        
 What then is the secret of a song with a sporting theme, given previous examples such as Chas and Dave's Snooker Loopy and the musical partnership between Glenn Hoddle and Chris Waddle? 
 "It couldn't be specifically about cricket," Edwards explained. "It had to be a good song that everyone can sing along to, with cricket references." 
 Saggers, who is currently recovering from an ankle injury with the use of trampoline, explained the background to the song's release. 
 "We did a team bonding session at the beginning of the season where we had a choreographer from Fame Academy with singing and dancing," he told BBC Sport. 
 "Ryan Edwards had written a song so we decided to put a record together," he said. 
 "He's very easy to talk to, he wasn't expecting too much from us. 
 "We were expecting it to take half an hour but were in there for about two hours singing along. 
 "We're not exactly renowned for our singing so once we got past the nerves we really got into it." 
 Will Fulton and Saggers soon have to dash from Canterbury at close of play to head for the BBC studios and an appearance on Top of The Pops? 
               
 The answer to that is almost certainly 'no they will not,' but Fordham stands by the record defiantly, adding: "We believe it sets a new standard for club anthems." 
  