Cornelius Lysaght: Inside Track

           By Cornelius Lysaght  BBC racing correspondent        
   NAMING AND SHAMING   
  The British Horseracing Board (BHB) is now placing the first names of jockeys, rather than their initials, in racecards, all in the cause of user friendliness.  
 Actually, the riders themselves had the choice, and unfortunately the two best-known prefer AP McCoy and  L(anfranco) Dettori, but no matter. 
   
 I just about see the BHB's point, though if any costs were incurred on all this, via a focus group, for example, there would have to be reservations. 
 However, having heard a punter extol the virtues of Ray Winstone after he (the punter) had backed a winner at Newcastle this week, there may still be work to do on all this. 
 Now, as versatile an actor as Winstone unquestionably is, he would perhaps struggle to play the part of rising star jockey Robert Winston. 
 Not least because when the diminutive Dubliner was steering Abbey Cat to victory at Newcastle the horse was required to carry just 8 stone 12 pounds and let's not forget one of Winstone's most brilliant roles was as Henry VIII. 
   THE NEXT DETTORI   
 Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin stable hasn't had a lot to smile about during the start of the Flat season. 
 Except that its Australia-born number two jockey Kerrin McEvoy has positively exploded into the new campaign. 
 First choice rider, Frankie Dettori, may not be off to spend more time in his restaurants just yet, but when he does McEvoy, 25, will be an oven-ready replacement. 
   IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT THE HORSES   
 Chester's May Racing Festival is huge in the north west of England and few more hotly-anticipated social events take place in that part of the world during the summer. 
 I was trying to describe what it's like on Radio Five Live and suggested the image of the Buckingham Palace garden party meeting the soap opera Hollyoaks (for the uninitiated, Hollyoaks is full of beautiful, young people, and, as it happens, is set in Chester). 
 However, a listener came up to me in the olde worlde city centre and said that I was trying to be too clever. 
 "It's much easier to describe than that," he insisted. "It's like a giant nightclub with no roof." And that's it. 
 Thousands, mainly from the Cheshire, Liverpool and Manchester areas, dress up with the express intention of enjoying themselves. 
 There's a small chance they might see a horse. After that's all over, it's only a five-minute stumble out of the gates, through the arch, over the main road, and you're in town. Simply great fun. 
  