Mahmood stars for rampant England

   First Test, Lord's (day two, stumps):  England 551-6d; Sri Lanka 91-6    
   
   England debutant Sajid Mahmood grabbed an astonishing three wickets in his first four overs in Test cricket as Sri Lanka lost their way at Lord's.  
 Matthew Hoggard struck twice early on after England had declared on 551-6, Kevin Pietersen hitting 158. 
 Then the sheer pace of Lancashire star Mahmood rattled the Sri Lankan batsmen. Kumar Sangakkara was held at slip before two batsmen fell lbw for ducks. 
 At stumps on day two, the tourists were 91-6 and looking out of their depth.  
          In his first over he sent three or four down the leg-side but he came back really well      Pietersen on Sajid Mahmood          
 The day began with England on 318-3, an ideal platform to bat Sri Lanka out of the game. 
 Night-watchman Hoggard lasted until the fifth over before being bowled by a Chaminda Vaas inswinger. 
 But Pietersen, who began the day on 54, and Paul Collingwood proceeded to produce a 173-run partnership for the fifth wicket. 
 Pietersen profited early on from his unique style of cover-drive - played with the bottom hand imparting top-spin. 
           Well done to Mahmood, an excellent prospect who's justified his selection already    From DB       
 And he moved into the nineties with an agricultural heaved six over mid-wicket off Muttiah Muralitharan. 
 The Hampshire right-hander then hooked Nuwan Kulasekara for four more before a subtle steer to the third man fence off Muralitharan brought him his century. 
 He also passed 1,000 career runs, in his 23rd innings since his debut a year ago. 
 Meanwhile, Collingwood was also enjoying himself, his best shot a back-foot drive through the covers off Muralitharan. 
               
 It was a desperate session for Sri Lanka, and there was little further cheer for them after lunch. 
 Pietersen, dropped at short fine-leg by Mahela Jayawardene on 138, finally departed for 158 - the same score he had achieved against Australia on the last day of the 2005 Ashes series. 
 The South African-born number four had batted for exactly five hours before Vaas trapped him lbw. 
 Soon afterwards, Muralitharan bowled Collingwood for 57, playing back to a full-length ball. 
   
 Andrew Flintoff threatened something special by hitting two sixes in a whirlwind 33 not out before he declared the innings earlier than anyone had expected. 
 But he had wickets on his mind and initially it was Hoggard who supplied them with some inswing after an early tea had been taken. 
 Jehan Mubarak got caught on the crease to fall lbw for a duck while Upul Tharanga was dismissed in the same fashion, though he opted to play no stroke at the ball that dismissed him. 
 Jayawardene and Sangakkara were both uncertain in the early stages of their innings, but were let off the hook during a wayward spell from Liam Plunkett. 
 Flintoff returned to cause the left-handed Sangakkara plenty of trouble, but Jayawardene was threatening a serious score. 
 So when the right-handed skipper finally edged Flintoff to Geraint Jones it was a huge disappointment that the Kent wicket-keeper was unable to take the chance diving to his right. 
 But Mahmood immediately removed Sangakkara to end a 60-run partnership, Marcus Trescothick supplying the catch at first slip. 
 And his extra pace was too much for Thilan Samaraweera and Chamara Kapugedera, both trapped lbw in front of their stumps for ducks. 
 In between those dismissals was the suicidal run-out of Tillakaratne Dilshan, attempting to get off the mark with a quick single only to be sent back by his skipper. 
 Finally, bad light came to the rescue of Sri Lanka with Jayawardene composed on 40 but fast running out of partners.  