Caf to choose 2010 shortlist

      By Durosimi Thomas        
   
  There will be no outright favourites when Caf's executive committee meet on Sunday to decide the shortlist for countries bidding to host the 2010 African Cup of Nations.  
 An unprecedented eight bids were submitted to host the event in four years' time, but none can say they fulfil all the criteria necessary to host such a tournament. 
 Libya, Nigeria and Senegal have all organised the Nations Cup in the past. 
 While bidding for the first time are Angola, Mozambique, Namibia as well as the countries putting in a joint bid, Gabon and Equatorial Guinea. 
 Zimbabwe are bidding for the third time and were due to host the 2000 Nations Cup but Caf withdrew the competition from them, citing late preparations and lack of a government guarantee. 
 Botswana have already withdrawn their bid saying that they do not have the necessary hotel capacity to cope with the event. 
 It seems the southern African nations have the best chance of eventually hosting the compeition. 
 This is partly because the region has only staged the event once previously, when South Africa won the tournament at home in 1996. 
 Caf has also said that the technical committee will rank the bids according to: "zonal distribution of previous final competitions [and] linguistic considerations in the previous finals." 
   
 But like all the contenders, the Southern Africans do not have their football infrastructure fully in place to host the tournament. 
 Mozambique, however, have already impressed after unveiling a logo, architectural plans for the stadia as well as setting up a bid committee. 
 Nigeria have enough stadia and although most of them need refurbishing and upgrading, the nation seems to have a good chance of making the shortlist. 
 What will count against the Nigerians is the fact that neighbours Ghana are hosting the next Nations Cup in 2008, and there is a strong indication that a second West African country will not be awarded the event in two years' time. 
 Senegal face the same problem, despite many people thinking they staged a successful tournament in 1992. 
 Libya are submitting their fourth bid in a row, but Caf are likely to note that North Africa have staged the last two Nations Cup finals. 
 Gabon recently withdrew from hosting the African Women's Championship - the third time they have withdrawn from hosting an event and this could affect their joint bid with Equatorial Guinea, who intend to divert some of its oil wealth to develop the sport. 
 Angola are also endowed with petro-dollars but the central Africans are lagging behind on stadia. 
  