In-form Casey leads at The Belfry

        BELFRY LEADERBOARD      GB&Ire unless stated    -11  P Casey   -8  D Clarke   -7  M Campbell (NZ), J Edfors (Swe), S Gallacher, P O'Malley (Aus), I Poulter   -6  G Emerson, P Hanson (Swe), G McDowell, J Sandelin (Swe), G Storm      Paul Casey moved away from the field on day two of the British Masters as he completed a bogey-free round of 66 to reach 11 under at The Belfry.  
 The 28-year-old Englishman is enjoying a consistent run of form and sunk six birdies to move ahead of Darren Clarke. 
 The Northern Irishman was three shots adrift after finishing his round with a par putt from five feet for a 70. 
 A cluster of players were tied for third on seven under, among them a resurgent Ian Poulter, who shot a 68.   
 Poulter mixed five birdies with two bogeys but was satisfied to get back to somewhere near his best form. 
 "I put a lot of shots back in play and I'm fairly happy to be back on the board," he told BBC Sport. 
 Also on seven under are US Open champion Michael Campbell, Scot Stephen Gallacher, Swede Johan Edfors and Australia's Peter O'Malley. 
          I always have a great buzz at The Belfry and maybe that's why it's going so well      Paul Casey        Graeme Storm, another Englishman, equalled The Belfry course record with an eight-under-par 64 to nestle amongst a group of players on six under. 
 The former British amateur champion had four birdies on each half of the course as he improved on his opening effort by a massive 10 strokes. 
 "I didn't expect it, to be honest, as yesterday I holed nothing and nothing went right," said Hartlepool's Storm. 
 "Nothing went wrong. I changed a few things and it paid off." 
 Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell, after a dreadful start to the season in America, celebrated his return with a hole-in-one at the seventh and is also now on six under. 
 Casey was delighted with his display and admitted he felt pretty relaxed on the course where he won the B&H International Open in 2003. 
 "I always have a great buzz at The Belfry and maybe that's why it's going so well," Casey said. 
 "I played my first PGA event here in 2001, won here two years later and hopefully I can keep that going." 
 There was, however, disappointment for a host of big names, including Nick Dougherty, Scott Drummond, Paul Lawrie, Paul McGinley, Colin Montgomerie, Henrik Stenson and Lee Westwood, as they all missed the weekend cut at even par.  