Jonathan Agnew column

           By Jonathan Agnew  BBC cricket correspondent at Lord's        
  Sri Lanka 91-6 in reply to England's 551-6 dec at the close of play on day two of the first Test at Lord's.     
 
   TALKING POINT   
 The timing of England's declaration surprised everybody. 
 Presumably, Andrew Flintoff had one eye on the weather forecast when he called a halt 20 minutes before tea with the score on 551-6, while most observers thought he would continue until an hour before the close of play. 
 Flintoff had scored 33 from 29 balls and was just warming up with some lusty blows against Muttiah Muralitharan when he declared, much to the disappointment of the crowd that had been hoping for some fireworks. 
 However, England's bowlers made the most of their extended opportunity. 
   PLAYER OF THE DAY   
 Kevin Pietersen gave another brilliant exhibition of his unorthodox, explosive technique, scoring 158 from 205 balls. 
 His battle with Muralitharan was fascinating as Pietersen mixed sweep strokes with beefy hits to leg, and forays down the pitch. 
   
 He launched Murali for six into the Mound Stand, but his most remarkable strokes were off the seam bowlers. 
 Somehow - and uniquely - he is able powerfully to work short-of-a-length balls from the off side to leg off the front foot. 
 His height is crucial in enabling him to do this, but he clearly has an amazing eye and very strong wrists. It makes setting orthodox fields impossible. 
   KEY MOMENT  S  
 It makes such a difference to a young bowler when he takes an early wicket on his debut. 
 Sajid Mahmood's first over in Test cricket was nervous and inauspicious, with four balls going down the leg side. 
 
   
 But Kumar Sangakkara obligingly chased his 12th delivery which was wide of off stump, and edged to Marcus Trescothick at first slip. 
 
 What a difference it made to Mahmood, whose pace and late inswing was too much for Thilan Samaraweera - lbw for nought - and 19-year-old Chamara Kapugedera, who was lbw to his first ball in Test cricket. 
 Dilshan ran himself out in suicidal fashion for the fourth duck of the innings and Sri Lanka had lost four wickets for four runs in 21 balls. 
   DAY THREE PROSPECTS   
 The forecast suggests that heavy showers could interrupt play over the weekend, but the game is so far advanced that Sri Lanka are realistically needing 2 days of solid rain to have a hope of escaping from this predicament. 
 If there are periods of rain, this will enable England to enforce the follow on as their bowlers will remain fresh. 
 If the rain stays away for long enough, England could even force a win on the third day.  