Saturday's racing bulletin

   Saturday's Five Live selection is Before You Go in the 1440 at Lingfield Park (all times BST).  
 Racing on Saturday comes from Newmarket, Lingfield Park, Beverley and Hexham over jumps, as well as Warwick and Thirsk in the evening. 
 It's Derby and Oaks trial day at Lingfield Park where the ground is good with some good to firm places. 
 The Derby trial at 1440 looks particularly interesting with some nice colts on display. 
  Linda's Lad  from Andre Fabre's French stable is a fascinating contender but he will have to be at the top of his game to beat  Before You Go  . 
 This Saddlers Wells colt has won three of his five starts and his trainer Terry Mills told BBC Radio Five Live: '' He should have won when he was beaten at Lingfield but nevertheless is a nice horse. 
 "We are certainly not afraid of the opposition, I just wish the ground was a bit softer''. 
 Asked about the Derby, he said '' I've always wanted to win the Derby but I'm running out of years. This horse was bought to win the race and has as good a chance as any''. 
 Newmarket's race is on good ground and it starts at 1355. 
 The Suffolk handicap at 1530 is the best race of the afternoon with ultra competitive  St Andrews  looking a decent bet after running so well on his seasonal debut. 
 Racegoers should be aware of the roadworks on the A14 at Thame Bridge. 
 The ground has changed at Beverley following 5mm of rain overnight and is now good. 
 The action starts at 1415 and the horse to follow is the Andrew Balding-trained  Hoh Hoh Hoh  in the 1545. 
 He has had all sorts of physical problems but must have retained his ability or the trainer would not have persevered. 
 The only National Hunt card comes from Hexham where the ground remains good to firm with good places. The racing starts at 1420 and top weight  Wee William  looks to have a chance in the 1515. 
 The evening fixtures come from Thirsk, where they begin at 1815 and the ground is good to firm with good places, and Warwick - where it is good with good to firm places and starts 15 minutes earlier at 1815. 
  