Wattana stuns Higgins in Newport

  James Wattana caused a major upset at the Welsh Open on Thursday with a dramatic last-16 win over John Higgins.  
 The Thai player edged to a 5-4 win against Higgins, who has already won the Grand Prix and Masters this season. 
 "I don't even feel that bad, it was just a nothing sort of game," said Higgins. "Apart from in a couple of frames I really struggled badly. 
 "It was one of those days where I just couldn't play. James didn't have to do much to beat me."  
 Wattana said: "It was tough playing John because he's been the most consistent player this season. 
          Matthew missed a lot of balls he wouldn't normally have a problem with      Mark Williams on Matthew Stevens        
 "My form has always been there, it's just about getting the results. No matter how well you play the hardest thing is to win." 
 Matthew Stevens' blistering return to form proved short-lived as he crashed out to compatriot Mark Williams. 
 The Welshman, so impressive in his 5-0 whitewash of Mark Davis on Wednesday, scored a top break of just 27 as he bowed out tamely 5-1. 
 "I was looking forward to the match but at times it doesn't work out," he said. 
 Williams now faces reigning world champion Shaun Murphy, who battled to a 5-4 win over Jamie Cope. 
 Williams comfortably won the first two frames before Stevens stole a scrappy third on the pink. 
 However, a break of 66 saw Williams regain his two-frame lead and the 30-year-old closed the match out with a clearance in frame five and a break of 57 in the last. 
 And the twice world champion, who has not lifted a trophy since the 2003 LG Cup, said: "I played OK in patches but Matthew missed a lot of balls he wouldn't normally have a problem with. 
 "At the moment I'll take any win, no matter how I get them." 
 Stevens conceded: "This game is so weird. I went from thinking I was going to pot everything to missing a lot of balls. I never got the pace of the table but that's the way it goes." 
 Both Irish players have been knocked out, with Ken Doherty losing 5-3 to Anthony Hamilton and Joe Swail defeated by the same scoreline by Graeme Dott. 
 In the evening's other match Barry Hawkins, a semi-finalist in Newport last year, beat Bridgend's Ryan Day 5-3.  