Macca refuses to wait for Nelson

      By Sean Davies  BBC Sport at the MEN Arena, Manchester        
   WBU cruiserweight champion Enzo Maccarinelli says he will take on all comers following his hard-fought 12-round points win over Mark Hobson.  
 The Swansea 25-year-old had been due to challenge for Johnny Nelson's WBO title on the Joe Calzaghe-Jeff Lacy card. 
 But a serious knee ligament injury put Nelson out, and Maccarinelli cannot wait around for the Sheffield veteran. 
 "Put someone in front of me and I'll fight them," said Maccarinelli, with doubts over Nelson ever boxing again.  
 "I was disappointed when Johnny Nelson had to pull out but I knew that the Hobson bout was going to be a much better fight for the fans. 
          I gave it everything I had, I lose with no shame      Mark Hobson        
 "All credit to Mark - he got me with some decent shots and it was a good fight. 
 "There have been a lot of doubts over my chin but I showed tonight I can take a whack so I'll fight anyone." 
 Huddersfield 29-year-old Hobson was pleased with the effort he put in. 
 "I gave it everything I had, I lose with no shame," said the Yorkshireman. 
 "I fought my heart out, I could do no more. 
          It was the performance of a lifetime, absolutely unbelievable      Enzo Maccarinelli on Joe Calzaghe        
 "The knockdown really sealed the fight, looking at the scorecards, but I take my hat off to him - what a tough guy. 
 "I thought I hurt him a few times but he hung in there like a true champion, he's proved that tonight." 
 Maccarinelli had words of praise for fellow Italian-Welshman Calzaghe for his stunning win at the top of the Manchester card. 
 "It was the performance of a lifetime, absolutely unbelievable," said Maccarinelli. 
 "We all knew he could do it. He had some doubters but tonight he's proved he's the number one in the world. 
 "To be honest I never expected it to be that easy for him. He was pure class - 10 out of 10. 
 "For a unification fight it was pretty one-sided. It was one of the best performances I've ever seen from any fighter. It was absolutely phenomenal. He took him apart." 
  