Newmill claims Queen Mother win

  Newmill sprung a surprise to win the Queen Mother Champion Chase after dominating from start to finish.  
 The 16-1 chance, ridden by Andrew McNamara and trained by John Murphy, won by nine lengths from Fota Island, a 4-1 shot with Tony McCoy in the saddle. 
 Mister McGoldrick finished a surprise third while Central House was fourth. Favourite Kauto Star fell at the third. 
 Two-time winner Moscow Flyer finished a creditable fifth in what turned out to be his last outing.  
 Newmill took a definite lead after the first fence, where French raider Kario de Sormain lost her rider. 
 Kauto Star exited soon after while River City and Oneway both came to grief at the fourth-last and Fundamentalist was a casualty two out. 
 Newmill was challenged by Mister McGoldrick with the remaining runners struggling, but the Irish challenger was much too strong, jumping the final fence safely for victory. 
          Andrew did everything correct and was top drawer      Newmill's trainer John Joseph Murphy on jockey Andrew McNamara        
 "That was amazing, I can't believe how well he travelled all the way," said McNamara. 
 "I thought we could be in trouble but he got his breath back and down the hill he really started to travel with me again." 
 Trainer Murphy praised the efforts of his jockey in the nine-length victory. 
 "Thank goodness it's over. Everything went right. I got a bit frightened when I saw Central House appear as I thought he might take him on and buzz him up but Andrew did everything correct and was top drawer," he said. 
           I have had an absolute shocker today - how's everybody else done?    From GC       
 "He will stay three miles as well but I don't know what we will do with him next as he goes well fresh. He could go to Punchestown." 
 Paul Nicholls reported Kauto Star and jockey Ruby Walsh to be none the worse for their tumble. 
 "He jumped the first two brilliantly and stepped at the third. He's normally a good jumper. It might just make him a bit more careful," said Nicholls. 
 "We'll go back to the drawing board and get him schooled to give him back his confidence. He's only six and the one thing that worried me was his inexperience." 
 Moscow Flyer's trainer Jessica Harrington said she was relieved to be able to retire her horse in one piece after Barry Geraghty led him to fifth place. 
 "Barry said he just got out of it a bit but he was always just niggling at him and he was always under pressure instead of travelling," she said. 
 "The horse doesn't like being out in the field, only for a couple of hours a day, so we will see what we do now." 
  