Tuesday at Cheltenham

   All the action as it happened from the opening day of the Cheltenham Festival.  
 A huge crowd was at Prestbury Park for the first of four days of top-class racing action and they were rewarded with some thrilling finishes. 
 The feature race was the Smurfit Champion Hurdle, won in impressive style by the favourite Brave Inca, ridden by champion jockey Tony McCoy. 
 But Ruby Walsh claimed a 55-1 double with victories on Noland in the Supreme Novices Hurdle and Dun Doire in the William Hill Trophy. 
      
 
 
  1720 - Fred Winter Juvenile Novices' H'cap Hurdle (2m ½y)    1.  Shamayoun (PJ Brennan) 40-1   2.  Artists Muse (R Walsh) 12-1   3.  Patman du Charmil (C Llewellyn) 40-1   4.  Gardasee (JM Maguire) 33-1   24 ran  
 Paddy Brennan kick-started his Cheltenham with a well-deserved victory on the 40-1 shot Shamayoun, trained by Charlie Egerton in the Fred Winter Juvenile Novices Hurdle. 
 It was a first ever Festival win for Brennan, who held off the challenge of Ruby Walsh on Artists Muse. 
 Shamayoun turned for home in front but Walsh and his mount, trained by his father Ted, loomed large in the closing stages but failed to take the last fence cleanly to hand his rival the advantage. 
  1640 - Sporting Index Cross Country Handicap Chase (3m 7f)    1.  Native Jack (DN Russell) 7-2f   2.  Spot Thedifference (Mr JT McNamara) 12-1   3.  Buailtes and Fadas (Miss N Carberry) 6-1   4.  Il de Boitron (A J McNamara) 100-1   16 ran  
 Native Jack held off the challenge of last year's winner Spot Thedifference on the run-in to win the Sporting Index Handicap Chase. 
 Davy Russell's well-fancied joint favourite was carrying over a stone less than his rival and made the weight difference count in the final stages. 
 Russell rode a well-judged race and kicked on turning for home with Spot Thedifference refusing to give up his crown without a fight. 
 Nina Carberry put in a late charge on Buailtes and Fadas to stay on well for third. 
 
  1600 - William Hill Trophy Handicap Chase (3m ½f)    1.  Dun Doire (R Walsh) 7-1   2.  Juveigneur (MA Fitzgerald) 16-1   3.  Irish Hussar (M Foley) 66-1   4.  Model Son (P Merrigan) 14-1   21 ran  
 Ruby Walsh put in another late charge on the Tony Martin-trained Dun Doire to claim victory. 
 Walsh's mount was well out of contention turning for home as Irish Hussar, ridden by Mick Fitzgerald, pulled away from the rest of the field. 
 Irish Hussar jumped the last, just in front of stablemate Juveigneur, but as the pair fought to the finish, Walsh came through fast and swept home for his second win of the day. 
 
  1515 - Smurfit Champion Hurdle Challenge Trophy (2m ½f)    1.  Brave Inca (AP McCoy) 7-4f   2.  Macs Joy (B Geraghty) 13-2   3.  Hardy Eustace (C O'Dwyer) 11-2   18 ran. Dist: 1, 3½  
 The favourite Brave Inca, ridden by Tony McCoy kept his nerve to claim a famous victory in the Triumph Hurdle. 
 McCoy had a typically determined ride to break his long losing sequence of 32 races at the Festival on the eight-year-old, who was third in the race last year. 
 After struggling a bit early on, the Colm Murphy-trained Brave Inca took the lead with around five hurdles to go but both Hardy Eustace and Macs Joy moved to challenge. 
 Barry Geraghty switched Macs Joy to the inside on the run up the hill but the winner dug deep to show great determination and get his reward. 
 
  1435 - Irish Independent Arkle Challenge Trophy Chase (2m)    1.  Voy Por Ustedes (R Thornton) 15-2   2.  Monet's Garden (A Dobbin) 8-1   3.  Foreman (AP McCoy) 5-1   14 ran. Dist: 1¼, 5  
 Voy Por Ustedes put in a solid round of jumping to hold off the challenge of Monet's Garden and win the Arkle Trophy. 
 The Alan King-trained five-year-old, ridden by Robert Thornton, was in contention throughout and took up the lead at the top of the hill with Monet's Garden. 
 The pair pulled away from the rest of the field but Thornton's mount jumped boldly and held on up the hill with Foreman holding on for third. 
 The Henrietta Knight-trained Racing Demon was well down the field. 
  1400 - Anglo Irish Bank Supreme Novices' Hurdle (2m ½f)    1.  Noland (R Walsh) 6-1   2.  Straw Bear (AP McCoy) 11-1   3.  Buena Vista (TJ Murphy) 14-1   20 ran. Dist: nk, 1¼  
 Trainer Paul Nicholls and jockey Ruby Walsh make the perfect start to the 2006 Festival as Noland comes through late to win the Supreme Novices' Hurdle. 
 Tony McCoy and Straw Bear took up the running at the final turn but was slow to the last hurdle and landed poorly. 
 Although McCoy kicked on again, Straw Bear tired badly up the Cheltenham hill, allowing Noland to stay on strongly and catch his rival just before the line. 
 The favourite Sweet Wake never really challenged and was back in fifth.  