Wednesday at Cheltenham

   All the action from the second day of the prestigious Cheltenham Festival.  
 Newmill, ridden by Andrew J McNamara, ensures another good day for the Irish contingent with victory in the Queen Mother Champion Chase. 
 Two-time winner Moscow Flyer finishes back in fifth and is immediately retired by trainer Jessica Harrington after the race. 
 But there is compensation for Moscow Flyer's jockey Barry Geraghty who has a double when 14-1 chance Star De Mohaison wins the Royal & SunAlliance Novices' Chase while Sky's The Limit (11-1) takes the Coral Cup. 
 His compatriot Paul Carberry also claimed a double after successes for Nicanor (Royal & Sun Alliance Novices' Hurdle) and Hairy Molly (Champion Bumper). 
 
   
 
 
  1720 - Weatherbys Champion Bumper (2m)    1.  Hairy Molly (P Carberry) 33-1   2.  Pressgang (T Doyle) 20-1   3.  Kicks For Free (MA Fitzgerald) 5-1   23 ran  
 The 33-1 outsider Hairy Molly, trained by Joseph Crowley, continued his good bumper form to give Ireland their seventh win of this year's Cheltenham Festival. 
 Carberry set out for home before the turn in the keenly-contest encounter and he looked strong on the run-in. 
 The inexperienced Pressgang paid the price for veering to the right early in the straight and narrowly failed to catch the winner on the line. 
 
 
  1640 - Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Handicap Chase (3m ½f)    1.  You're Special (Mr R O Harding) 33-1   2.  Mon Mome (Mr W Biddick) 11-1   3.  Undeniable (Miss N Carberry) 16-1   4.  Bee An Bee (Mr R McCarthy) 25-1  21 ran  
 You're Special set a tough pace to get the better of his rivals and win the Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir race for amateur riders. 
 A winner at Cheltenham 18 months ago, the nine-year-old was always there or thereabouts and mounted a serious challenge turning for home. 
 His rivals were unable to respond and Richard Harding kicked on to give Ferdy Murphy a Festival success. 
 Wayne Biddick on Mon Morne battled hard but was unable to get the better of the winner. 
  1600 - Coral Cup Handicap Hurdle (2m 5f)    1.  Sky's The Limit (BJ Geraghty) 11-1   2.  Strangely Brown (B C Byrnes) 25-1   3.  Dom d'Orgeval (R Johnson) 20-1   4.  Phar Bleu (R Walsh) 10-1   30 ran. Dist: 4, 3  
 Sky's The Limit gave Barry Geraghty his second winner of the day with a smooth ride in the Coral Cup. 
 The horse stayed out of trouble and once the field turned for home, Edward O'Grady's charge was well in control and claimed the easiest of wins. 
 Strangely Brown was four lengths back in second but neither he nor third-placed Dom d'Orgeval, the top weight, ever looked like challenging the winner. 
 
 
  1515 - Queen Mother Champion Chase (2m)    1.  Newmill (Andrew J McNamara) 16-1   2.  Fota Island (AP McCoy) 4-1   3.  Mister McGoldrick (D Elsworth) 50-1   12 ran. Dist: 9, 1½  
 Irish challenger Newmill caused a big surprise with a comfortable victory in the Queen Mother Champion Chase. 
 The 16-1 chance travelled smoothly throughout under Andrew J McNamara and made much of the running. 
 He powered up the hill well clear of Fota Island and Tony McCoy while Mister McGoldrick stayed on for third, just outpacing Central House. 
 The two-time winner Moscow Flyer was never in contention and finished out of the places while the favourite Kauto Star fell at the second fence. 
 
  1435 - Royal & SunAlliance Chase (3m ½f)    1.  Star de Mohaison (BJ Geraghty) 14-1   2.  Idle Talk (JM Maguire) 33-1   3.  Darkness (PJ Brennan) 11-2   15 ran. Dist: 6, 11  
 Barry Geraghty put in a clear round of jumping on the Paul Nicholls-trained Star de Mohaison for victory in an incident-packed Royal & Sun Alliance Chase. 
 Star de Mohaison travelled well at the head of the affairs and stayed out of trouble at the second last when second-placed Back In Front stumbled on landing and badly hampered two or three other contenders. 
 Idle Talk held on well for second under Jason Maguire while Darkness was a disappointing third. 
 Of the two favourites, Commercial Flyer was pulled up while Our Ben unseated jockey Ruby Walsh early on. 
 
  1400 - Royal & SunAlliance Novices' Hurdle (2m 5f)    1.  Nicanor (P Carberry) 17-2   2.  Denman (R Walsh) 11-10f   3.  Refinement (AP McCoy) 11-2   17 ran. Dist: 2½, 6  
 Nicanor, ridden by Paul Carberry, outpaced the favourite Denman up the Cheltenham hill to take the opening race on the second day. 
 Carberry kept his mount in contention throughout and when Denman took the lead turning for home, Carberry urged the Irish challenger on and he responded superbly. 
 Denman had been well-fancied but couldn't shake off the challenge of his rivals and was unable to find an extra gear at the climax while Refinement came through late to claim third.  