Thursday at Cheltenham

   All the action from the third day of the prestigious Cheltenham Festival.  
 Despite the cold weather the crowds packed into Prestbury Park for the day's racing. 
 The day's feature race, the Ladbrokes World Hurdle, was won by My Way de Solzen ridden by Robert Thornton, who edged out Golden Cross and Johnny Murtagh. 
 Mick Fitzgerald claimed a double when Fondmort (100-30) won the Ryanair Chase and Non So (14-1) took the Racing Post Plate 
 Tony McCoy made it two wins at this year's Festival when the well-fancied Reveillez took the opener while amateur rider Richard Harding won the National Hunt Chase on Hot Weld, to follow-up his win on You're Special on Wednesday. 
   
 
 
  1720 - Pertemps Final Handicap Hurdle (3m)    1.  Kadoun (T G M Ryan) 50-1   2.  Hordago (B C Byrnes) 10-1   3.  Oodacgee (DJ Casey) 10-1   4.  Liberman (JE Moore) 20-1   24 ran. Dist: 1½, 3½  
 Tom Ryan lands his first Cheltenham Festival victory when Kadoun bounds to victory up the Cheltenham hill. 
 Ryan had his mount well placed turning for home, just behind the leader and he kicked on coming to the last. 
 Hordago, who ran a good race, tried to challenge but he was well behind the winner. 
 But there were mixed emotions for winning owner JP McManus after one of his other horses Olaso, the mount of Tony McCoy, suffered a fatal injury during the race. 
 
  1640 - National Hunt Chase Challenge Cup (4m 1f)    1.  Hot Weld (Mr R O Harding) 33-1   2.  Beantown (Mr P Tobin) 40-1   3.  Far From Trouble (Mr JT McNamara) 7-2f   21 ran. Dist: nk, 1  
 Hot Weld made most of the running to give amateur jockey Richard Harding his second winning of the 2006 Cheltenham Festival. 
 Harding, who rode You're Special to success in Wednesday's Fulke Walwyn Kim Muir Chase, had stayed out of trouble at the head of affairs for much of the race. 
 Wolf Creek, ridden by Nina Carberry, challenged the leader turning for home but Hot Weld kicked away after the final fence. 
 Beantown finished with a flourish while Far From Trouble also quickened up on the run-in but neither was able to get past the winner. 
  1600 - Racing Post Plate (2m 5f)    1.  Non So (MA Fitzgerald) 14-1   2.  Kelrev (S Thomas) 50-1   3.  Graphic Approach (AP McCoy) 11-1   4.  Roman Ark (G Lee) 33-1   24 ran. Dist: 9, 7  
 Mick Fitzgerald makes it two wins for the day after the 14-1 shot Non So claimed an easy win in the Racing Post Plate (formerly the Mildmay of Flete). 
 Non So's stablemate Saintsaire had made all but Fitzgerald timed his run superbly and the pair jumped the last two together. 
 Non So powered on but Saintsaire's hopes of second were ended by a fall at the last fence, leaving Kelrev, who had a brave run under Sam Thomas, runner-up. 
 
  1515 - Ladbrokes World Hurdle (3m)    1.  My Way de Solzen (R Thornton) 8-1   2.  Golden Cross (JP Murtagh) 5-1   3.  Mighty Man (R Johnson) 4-1f   20 ran. Dist: hd, 4  
 Robert Thornton and My Way de Solzen hold off a late challenge by Johnny Murtagh and Golden Cross to win the day's feature race. 
 The pair fought out a tremendous finish with Murtagh putting in a superb display but he found his mount beaten by a better horse on the day. 
 In what was a competitive encounter, My Way De Solzen had looked strong coming to the last couple of fences and the pair jumped the last almost together and in a tough battle, Thornton claimed his second winner of the Festival. 
 Baracouda, who had been bidding for a third win in the race, briefly challenged but finished well back. 
  1435 - Ryanair Chase (2m 5f)    1.  Fondmort (MA Fitzgerald) 100-30jf   2.  Lacdoudal (R Johnson) 20-1   3.  Impek (AP McCoy) 100-30jf   11 ran. Dist: 1¼, hd  
 Fondmort continued his superb form at Cheltenham to claim a popular win in the Ryanair Chase under the guidance of Mick Fitzgerald. 
 Once Fitzgerald took the lead from Impek with two fences to go, he looked the stronger and jumped the last safely to make up for a narrow defeat 12 months ago. 
 It was a fourth win at Cheltenham for the Nicky Henderson-trained joint favourite who had to battle up the hill to the finishing line. 
 Lacdoudal put in a strong finish to edge out Impek for second place. 
  1400 - Jewson Novices' Handicap Chase (2m 5f)    1.  Reveillez (AP McCoy) 9-2f   2.  Copsale Lad (MA Fitzgerald) 8-1   3.  Tumbling Dice (BJ Geraghty) 14-1   4.  Direct Flight (P Carberry) 25-1   19 ran. Dist: 1¼, 9  
 Tony McCoy claims his second win of the meeting when Reveillez takes the opening race on the third day of the Festival. 
 Despite a fast early pace from Demi Beau and Kasthari, Reveillez travelled well throughout and was always well in touch. 
 After moving to the front with four fences to go, McCoy and his mount, owned by JP McManus, looked like the likely winner 
 But as Copsale Lad and Mick Fitzgerald loomed large, McCoy brought two good jumps out of his mount at the last two fences and pushed him to the line for the victory. 
 
  