Friday at Cheltenham

   All the action from the fourth and final day of the prestigious Cheltenham Festival.  
 The highlight of the day is the Gold Cup, won by the 15-2 chance War of Attrition, who leads home Hedgehunter and Forget The Past for an Irish clean sweep on St Patrick's Day. 
 After some disappointing results on Thursday, Detroit City (9-2f) and Black Jack Ketchum (evens fav) give the punters something to cheer about by winning the first two races. 
 Ruby Walsh finished the day with victory on the well-fancied Desert Quest for his third win of the week to edge out Tony McCoy for the top jockey award. 
   
 
  1720 - Vincent O'Brien County Handicap Hurdle (2m 1f)    1.  Desert Quest (R Walsh) 4-1jf   2.  Noble Request (R Johnson) 25-1   3.  Adamant Approach (RJ Kiely)50-1   4.  Pirate Flagship (P J Brennan) 10-1   29 ran. Dist: 2½, 3½  
 Ruby Walsh finished the week as he started with victory as the joint favourite Desert Quest claimed an comfortable victory in the County Hurdle. 
 The fast-improving six-year-old, trained by Paul Nicholls, was kept in well on the inside by Walsh and started to move smoothly through when turning for home. 
 The challenge of Noble Request and Adamant Approach was to no avail as Desert Quest powered strongly up the Cheltenham hill. 
 
  1640 - Johnny Henderson Grand Annual Chase (2m ½f)    1.  Greenhope (A Tinkler) 20-1   2.  Tiger Cry (DJ Casey) 6-1   3.  Madison du Berlais (T Scudamore) 11-1   4.  Nyrche (R Thornton) 20-1   23 ran. Dist: 2, 1  
 Greenhope and Andrew Tinkler gave trainer Nicky Henderson an emotional success in the race named after his father. 
 Henderson narrowly missed out on victory 12 months ago but Greenhope, who raced boldly and jumped strongly, was not going to be denied this time around, holding off the challenge of Tiger Cry and Madison du Berlais. 
 It was a first Cheltenham Festival victory for Tinkler who recovered from a heavy fall from Saintsaire in the Racing Post Plate on Thursday. 
  1600 - Christie's Foxhunter Chase Challenge Cup (3m 2½f)    1.  Whyso Mayo (Mr D Murphy) 20-1   2.  First Down Jets (Mr C J Sweeney) 66-1   3.  Joe Blake (Mr M J O'Hare) 14-1   23 ran. Dist: 1, 1¼  
 Damien Murphy guides Whyso Mayo to victory in the Foxhunters Chase over the same course and distance as the Gold Cup. 
 Murphy kept his mount out of trouble wide during the race and he was nicely placed turning for home. 
 Although the fast-finishing First Down Jets and Joe Blake both challenged on the run-in, neither was able to get past the Ray Hurley-trained winner who rode strongly to the line. 
  1515 - Totesport Cheltenham Gold Cup (3m 2½f)    1.  War of Attrition (Conor O'Dwyer) 15-2   2.  Hedgehunter (Ruby Walsh) 16-1   3.  Forget The Past (Barry Geraghty) 9-1   4.  L'Ami (Mick Fitzgerald) 10-1   22 ran. Dist: 2½, 7  
 War of Attrition led home a first-ever Irish 1-2-3 in the Gold Cup to give Conor O'Dwyer his second win in the race after Imperial Call's success a decade ago. 
 The well-fancied seven-year-old, trained by Mouse Morris, never looked in trouble just behind the leaders in a fast-run race. He swept into contention with four fences to go and took control turning for home. 
 Grand National winner Hedgehunter and Ruby Walsh did try to challenge but War of Attrition leapt smoothly over the last and held on bravely to the line for a famous victory. 
 The favourite Beef Or Salmon was held-up early on but never featured once the going got tough. 
 
  1435 - Brit Insurance Novices' Hurdle (3m)    1.  Black Jack Ketchum (AP McCoy) Evens fav   2.  Powerstation (DN Russell) 9-1   3.  Travino (BJ Geraghty) 6-1   19 ran. Dist: 9, 3  
 Black Jack Ketchum justified favourtism to give Tony McCoy his third victory at the Festival and leave the punters happy. 
 The Jonjo O'Neill-trained horse travelled beautifully and was barely off the bridle until McCoy pushed the button before the last. 
 He negotiated the final hurdle safely and bounded up the hill for the easiest of wins for the shortest-priced success of the week. 
 Powerstation, who was last at one stage, came through well to edge out Travino for second but they were a long way behind the impressive winner. 
  1400 - JCB Triumph Hurdle (2m 1f)    1.  Detroit City (R Johnson) 7-2f   2.  Fair Along (PJ Brennan) 25-1   3.  Blazing Bailey (R Thornton) 14-1   17 ran. Dist: 5, 1  
 Richard Johnson and Detroit City led home Philip Hobbs' stablemate Fair Along and Paddy Brennan to win the Triumph Hurdle. 
 Fair Along had set the pace but Detroit City, the well-fancied favourite, moved up to challenge with three hurdles to go. 
 Fair Along battled away but Detroit City fought hard and jumped the last marginally in front of his rival and galloped on while Blazing Bailey stayed on well for third.  