Hatton moves up for new title bid

      By Ben Dirs        
   British light welterweight king Ricky Hatton will move up a division to try to capture another world title.  
 The Manchester fighter will challenge America's WBA welterweight champion Luis Collazo in Boston on 13 May. 
 Collazo, 24, who has won 26 of 27 fights, earned his title last April and has defended it once. 
 Hatton said: "It's a chance to become a double-weight champion and the owner of three world titles. It is a real fight, a real title and a real opponent."  
 Hatton added the WBA belt to his IBF light welterweight crown by knocking out Carlos Maussa in November and he is keen for more honours. 
 He had suffered a string of setbacks in his search for an opponent for his major US debut. 
 Juan Lazcano, Mexico's former WBC lightweight champion, signed to fight before ruling himself out after breaking a finger. 
 And Carlos Baldomir, the WBC welterweight champion and Hatton's preferred choice, signed to fight Arturo Gatti, another Hatton target. 
 Hatton said: "A few years ago we were reading that I was afraid to step up to world level and won't leave Manchester, but I think we have heard the last of it now." 
 Hatton's promoter Dennis Hobson confirmed: "Ricky's trying to win titles at different weights, something not many British fighters have achieved."          This fight with Collazo is a lot spicier and lot more meaningful      Promoter Dennis Hobson        
 Hatton's trainer, Billy Graham, originally vetoed the fight with awkward southpaw Collazo, but Hobson said Hatton had got his way. 
 "Ricky wanted a fight at his normal weight of 140lb first, followed by Collazo," said Hobson. 
 "But this fight with Collazo is a lot spicier and lot more meaningful. And Ricky will be making over three times what he did for the Kostya Tszyu fight last summer. 
 "Ricky wants to be involved in big fights and it's a fantastic coup." 
 Collazo is promoted by Don King, and Hobson said the eccentric American will be arriving in England to iron out the details at the beginning of next week. 
 The fight was originally due to take place at Foxwoods Casino in Connecticut, but Hobson said the venue had been moved to Boston to accommodate Hatton's fans. 
 "We didn't want to be embarrassed and not have enough seats and Boston Garden holds 17,000," said Hobson. 
 It is not yet clear if Hatton will be forced to relinquish his light welterweight titles. 
 Former European super bantamweight champion Esham Pickering will appear on the undercard in Boston, while Irish heavyweight Kevin McBride is set to fight Chesterfield's Mark Krence. 
 Hobson also confirmed that IBF light heavyweight champion Clinton Woods will defend his title on a sister show in Sheffield on the same night. 
  