Winter wonderland

    The 2006 Winter Paralympic Games saw 486 disabled athletes from 39 countries go for glory in Turin.  
 Medals were won in five disciplines - Alpine skiing, ice sledge hockey, Nordic skiing, biathlon and curling, which made its Paralympic debut. 
 Great Britain took over a 20-strong squad to compete in three of the events and came home with one medal. 
 Britain's skiers and sledge hockey team left empty-handed but the wheelchair curlers clinched silver.  
 BBC Sport gives the lowdown on the British athletes and teams who took part in the IX Paralympic Winter Games. 
   
   WHEELCHAIR CURLING   
   The wheelchair curling team led Britain's medal hopes as the sport made its debut at the Games in Turin. 
 The five-strong Scottish team were the reigning world champions after retaining their title last year but had their work cut out for them in Italy. 
 In the round-robin stages, GB beat Denmark, Sweden and Italy but suffered narrow losses to Switzerland, Norway and Canada. 
 However, they reached the last four with a 5-2 victory over the USA before claiming a spot in the final with a 7-3 win over Sweden. 
               The team had to settle for silver after skip Frank Duffy failed to take out the Canadian stone with the last stone of the last end, ensuring a 7-4 defeat. 
 Nevertheless, it equals the highest achievement by a British team or individual at the Paralympics. 
  Team GB:  Frank Duffy, Michael McCreadie, Tom Killin, Angie Malone, Ken Dickson  Non-travelling reserve: Louise Dodd 
   ALPINE SKIING   
   
 Sean Rose, Russell Docker and Liz Miller were all aiming to win Britain's first Paralympic skiing medal for 12 years but left Turin empty-handed. 
 Britain's best performance came from Rose who claimed an impressive sixth in the downhill. 
 He finished just 0.7 seconds outside of the medals in the event, won by American Kevin Bramble. 
 Docker crashed out on his run, but was 29th in the slalom, in which Rose failed to finish his second run. 
               In the Super-G event, sit-skiers Rose and Docker finished 22nd and 23rd respectively. 
 Amputee skier Miller clinched her best result in the downhill, coming 10th. 
 She also finished 14th in the giant slalom and 16th in the super-G standing event. 
   SLEDGE HOCKEY   
   
 Britain's sledge hockey team left it late grab their place in Turin and they were always going to find it tough once they got there. 
 Things started badly when the side were drubbed 9-0 by eventual gold-medallists Canada. 
 They then lost 6-0 to co-favourites Norway but pulled together a 2-1 win over hosts Italy. 
               A 3-0 defeat to Sweden, followed by another 2-1 victory over Italy gave Team GB seventh place overall in the competition. 
  GB squad:  Philip Saunders, Gary Vaughan, Ian Warner, Matthew Lloyd, Simon Berry, Karl Nicholson, Nathan Stephens, Stephen Thomas, Russell Willey, David French, Richard Whitehead, Gary Farmer, Mark Briggs, David Hall  Coach Kevin Whiteman. 
       GB'S PARALYMPIC PEDIGREE   
 Britain has won 10 medals at the Winter Paralympic Games since the inaugural competition in 1976. 
      Tignes/Albertville 1992:          Silver   Richard Burt   B3   Men's Giant Slalom     Bronze   Richard Burt   B3   Men's Super G     Bronze   Matthew Stockford   LW10   Men's Downhill     Bronze   Matthew Stockford   LW10   Men's Giant Slalom     Bronze   Matthew Stockford   LW10   Men's Super G            Lillehammer 1994:          Bronze   James Barker   LWX1   Men's Downhill     Bronze   Matthew Stockford   LWX   Men's Super G     Bronze   Richard Burt   B3   Men's Giant Slalom     Bronze   Richard Burt   B3   Men's Super G      Turin 2006:          Silver   Team GB   -   Wheelchair curling      
   
 
  