India announce $1bn rights deals

  India's cricket board has revealed it has signed rights deals worth in excess of $1bn (£571m) in recent months.  
 The latest $219m (£125m) contract gives Zee Telefilms the rights to at least 25 one-day games to be played in neutral countries over the next five years. 
 The first two will see India take on Pakistan in Abu Dhabi later this month. 
 Other countries being considered by the BCCI include England, the USA, Canada, Hong Kong and Singapore, which all have large expatriate populations.  
 The International Cricket Council has already expressed concern at the plan, which could conflict with its future tours programme of Tests and limited overs internationals. 
 A spokesman told BBC Sport last month: "They need to be mindful of the volume of cricket already played and they will need to have the support of their player group. 
 "The recommendation from players and their representatives is that they should not be looking to play more than 15 Test matches and 30 one-day internationals in a year." 
 But that will not deter the BCCI, which has adopted a pro-active policy towards raising extra revenue since Sharad Pawar's election as president last November. 
 "We are now chalking out the programme for the next five years - and it will not be with Pakistan only, we might play with Australia or England. 
 "And West Indies have shown interest to take part in (games in) America ," Board secretary Niranjan Shah told the BBC. 
   
 "We can use this system when our players are free. It is just two or three matches (each time). I think it is in the interests of everyone." 
 Among the other deals concluded by the BCCI was the $612m (£349m) sale to Nimbus Communications of TV rights for all home Tests and one-day international played by the national team until 2010. 
 The contract with Zee, however, is far more contentious. 
 A report by India's federal police in 2000 concluded that staging games at venues outside the normal international cricket circuit were more likely to be a target for possible match-fixing and corruption. 
 The national government subsequently banned India from playing games in places like Sharjah, Toronto and Singapore. 
 Now, however, it appears they have abandoned that position. 
 "We have already taken permission from the government," said BCCI vice-president Inderjit Bindra. 
 "We will be running the tournament ourselves. Before, there used to be middle men." 
  