Masters quotes

   
  "This is fun. It's a one-round shootout. This is what I've dreamed of doing since I was a kid. To be in the final group and have a chance, sure there's pressure, but it's what I'm working for."   Phil Mickelson takes a one-shot lead into the final round of the 70th Masters. 
 
  "When I was trailing, I didn't put much credence in that. Now that I'm leading, I like that stat."   After round three, Mickelson ponders the fact that the last 15 Masters winners have come from the last group on Sunday. 
 
  "To win two is kind of a bonus. I can go out and freewheel it a little bit, play loose. I think that could be a benefit."   Phil "the thrill" again, who proved it was. 
  "Fred and I kept saying how much fun it was to be in the final group on the final day of the Masters."   Mickelson partnered Fred Couples in the final round and only shook him off when the 1992 champion three-putted on 14 to slip back. 
  "I thought I needed to go to six (under) to put the pressure on these guys. I needed one more birdie and the three-putt on 16 killed me."   Jose Maria Olazabal rues the three putts he took on the 16th after setting the clubhouse lead at four under. 
  "My putting wasn't horrible but it was mediocre. But it wouldn't have mattered anyway. I might have finished second to Phil, that's all."   Fred Couples refuses to blame his putting after missing a host of chances from close range. 
  "I didn't hit the ball like I was 46. But I putted likeI was 66."   Couples relents and lets his putter take some of the heat. 
  "I putted atrociously. I am probably going to snap this putter in about eight pieces. It was frustrating. I felt in so much control from tee-to-green - the best I have hit it in years. If I putted normal, today was the day, but I missed them all."   Tiger Woods, under no illusions as to what went wrong with his round as he finished tied third at Augusta. 
  "My great week? You just have to turn the scoreboard around."   Spain's Sergio Garcia, who finished second last behind American veteran Ben Crenshaw, 54, a two-time former champion. 
 
  "Overall I'm a little disappointed really."   England's Luke Donald, who was third on his debut last year, finished tied 42 of 47. 
  "It think I need a different game plan. I don't think it's length. Maybe a different strategy. I need to think about it."   Donald, warming to his theme. 
  "I don't make two after an eight unless my head's okay." You couldn't have told the difference in me if I'd made four or eight - and that can only be a good thing."   The mercurial Darren Clarke, who in his third round eagled 13, triple-bogeyed 15 and then birdied 16. 
 
  