London Marathon on the BBC

            London Marathon    Sunday 23 April   BBC One, 0830-1350   BBC Two, highlights, 1810-1900       BBC Sport will provide live coverage of the London Marathon on TV, radio, interactive and online on 23 April.  
 Sue Barker introduces the action from 0830 BST on BBC One with commentary coming from Steve Cram, Brendan Foster and Paul Dickenson. 
 The BBC website will broadcast the race live as well as text reports, video interviews and reaction. 
 Digital viewers can press the red button for individual coverage of both the men's and women's races.   
 The interactive service will also have continuous coverage of the finish and a replay of all the mini-marathon finishers. 
 John Inverdale presents BBC Radio Five Live's coverage with expert analysis coming from Sebastian Coe and Charlie Spedding. 
 With 35 cameras, six bikes, two helicopters and an overhead circling plane being used to cover the 26.2 mile course, every step will be captured so you can keep up with the action. 
 The Marathon will bring to a conclusion a weekly BBC ONE series called Run for Glory, in which Steve Cram and Sally Gunnell have been training a group of novice runners as they begin the challenge of a life time to run the Marathon. 
 There will also be a final, post Marathon programme, (Monday 24 April, BBC ONE, 1900 BST) that follows the contestants from the starting post to the finishing line, capturing the emotional highs and lows of their training. 
               
 BBC London 94.9FM is launching a spring and summer series of outside broadcasts and events called 'On the Road', to ask the question, Is London Fit for 2012? 
 On the Road with BBC London 94.9 will visit key Olympic boroughs, staging debates and airing Londoners' views on whether the capital looks and feels like a city ready for the Games. 
 The first sessions run between 19-21 April and will be hosted various Radio London 94.9 presenters live from Woolwich Market, situated in the London Marathon's starting borough of Greenwich. 
 BBC London's website will also show a unique view of the runners as they round the Cutty Sark where they have two web-cams in place. 
  