GB miss out on team sprint gold

           World Track Cycling   Saturday 15 April  BBC One, 1305   Sunday 16 April  BBC Two, 1520       Great Britain were edged out by France for team sprint gold on the opening day of cycling's World Track Championships.  
 Defending champions Jamie Staff, Jason Queally and Chris Hoy qualified second for the final behind the French. 
 An out-of-sorts Queally was then replaced by Craig MacLean for the final but France again proved too strong. 
 Arnaud Tournant anchored the hosts to their seventh title since 1997 while the bronze in Bordeaux went to Australia who beat the Netherlands.   
 Tournant brought his team-mates Gregory Bauge and Mickael Bourgain home in 43.969 seconds with the British trio finishing in 44.194. 
 "We've been hit with a lot of criticism lately so we're happy with this result." said Tournant. 
 Belarus' Natalia Tsylinskaya of Belarus held off Olympic champion Anna Meares of Australia to defend her 500m crown. 
 Tsylinskaya clocked 34.152secs to push Meares into second after the world record holder had secured at least silver with a time of 34.352. 
 Cuba's Lisandra Guerra meanwhile claimed bronze medal at only 18 years old, pushing Britain's reigning world sprint champion Victoria Pendleton into fourth. 
 Sarah Hammer of the United States won the women's individual pursuit, beating Olga Slyusareva of Russia over 3km. 
 Hammer finished in 3:37.227, followed by Slyusareva (3:37.544) with defending champion Katie Mactier of Australia in third. 
 It was the first title for an American since Marty Nothstein won the men's keirin in 1996. 
 British duo Wendy Houvenaghel and Emma Jones finished fifth and sixth. 
 Peter Schep of the Netherlands won the men's points race gold, with Pole Rafal Ratajczyk in second and Vasil Kiryienka of Belarus third. Britain's Chris Newton was fourth. 
 
 
  World Track Championships schedule:    Friday 14 April:   Women's points race  Men's individual pursuit  Men's kilometre time trial  Men's keirin  
  Saturday 15 April:   Men's scratch  Women's sprint  Men's team pursuit  
  Sunday 16 April:   Women's scratch  Men's sprint  Madison  Women's keirin   