Monty tips strongest ever Europe

  Colin Montgomerie says the European Ryder Cup team to take on the USA in September could be the strongest ever.  
 And the Scot, 42, believes captain Ian Woosnam can emulate the success of predecessor Bernhard Langer despite an opposite personality. 
 "Woosie's greatest strength will be the strength of his 12 players," said seven-time Cup veteran Montgomerie. 
 "This is potentially Europe's strongest team. It was forming in 2004 when there were no weaknesses in the singles."  
 Montgomerie, who is likely to again play a key role in the European side for the biennial match, says passionate Welshman Woosnam will perform a different, if equally driven, role as captain to the analytical and measured Langer of Germany. 
          I know how much Bernhard hates to lose, and there is no more feisty competitor than Ian Woosnam      Colin Montgomerie        
 "Woosie and Bernhard are very different characters, almost the exact opposites," said Montgomerie. 
 "But at the same time they both have one particular asset and that is they are both huge competitors. 
 "I know how much Bernhard hates to lose, and there is no more feisty competitor than Ian Woosnam. 
 "He will bring that into the team room and I'm sure we will do well. 
               
 "He is going to be very competitive. He will bring his own role to it. 
 "He has a great desire to win, especially as he has history pending, with Europe going for their first-ever third straight win." 
 Montgomerie has indicated that he could be interested in taking over as Europe's Ryder Cup captain at Celtic Manor in 2012 after Woosnam and Nick Faldo, who has already been named for 2008. 
 "If I'm not playing in 2010, all I can say is that I would like to help the Europeans win the Ryder Cup in some way. Whatever position that may be," he said. 
 "If I'm asked by the captain to help in any way, or if I'm captain myself, I'd love to be able to help." 
 The European Ryder Cup team will be named after the BMW International Open on 3 September. 
 Five players will come from the world rankings, five players not already selected will come from the European Order of Merit and Woosnam will add two captain's picks. 
 Europe have won four out of the last five Ryder Cups following a record 18½-9½ victory at Oakland Hills in 2004.  