Greg Rusedski Q&A

   Greg Rusedski answered your questions in a forum broadcast on BBC Radio Five Live.  
 The British number two is currently embarking on the start of the clay-court season. 
 He will then build up to another crack at Wimbledon by competing at the Stella Artois Championships at Queen's Club in London from 12-18 June. 
 World number two Rafael Nadal, defending champion Andy Roddick and three-time winner Lleyton Hewitt, Tim Henman and Andy Murray will also be in action at Queen's. 
 Here are the answers he gave to your questions: 
 
  You've just won your semi-final at Wimbledon. Tim Henman is playing Andy Murray in the other semi. Who do you want to win?    Rich, England  
 I wouldn't really care who won to be honest but I think the public would like to see me play Henman. We've been talking about it for about 10 years now, us playing each other at Wimbledon. So that's what the public probably wants to see - the two old boys going at it. 
 I wouldn't want it to go deep into the fifth against Tim, I'd rather do what McEnroe did to Connors in 1984 - one, one and two in an hour and 20 minutes. But I think it's all highly unrealistic at the moment considering both our ages but you never know, magic can happen once in a while. 
 
  Do you still think you can win Wimbledon?  
 I don't know. You always imagine in your mind you can do it and you always dream about it - but you have to be realistic. I'm 33 this year, I've had a great career and I've achieved a lot of things I never thought I would but there's a gentleman called Roger Federer, who is just magical on the grass. Before that it was Pete Sampras who was the man and only one or two people have snuck in during that period. 
 I think for me anything would be a bonus. If I could find a way to get into the second week, it would be fabulous or even just to win a few matches. It's a lot harder these days: the courts are a lot slower, the balls are slower. It's a different sort of game these days. 
 
  What are the chances that this Wimbledon will be the last for you and Tim?    Anna, Blackpool  
 Obviously I can't speak for Tim but I'm just taking it a day at a time. I haven't done too much this year, although I've enjoyed a few of my matches. I enjoyed the Davis Cup tie, even though we lost. I feel like I'm playing good tennis but I don't feel I've hit my stride yet. I'm hoping this grass court season I'll play some good tennis and then after I'll be able to assess what I'm going to do. 
 Plus, on a personal level, I've just had a baby girl and priorities change. Retirement is getting closer but there's no announcement on it yet! 
 
  Has having a child affected your commitment to the game? And how does it feel now you are a father?    Jack Darvell, England  
 It's one of the most magical moments in anyone's life seeing the birth of your child. Thankfully, Lucy is taking a lot of the sleepless nights so I can get my training in but your perspective changes. After you've been out there on the tour for 15 years, you want to be at home a lot more and it's harder to do the daily practice because you want to spend that time at home. That's the hardest part - trying to find the balance. 
 
  How much longer do you think you will take part in Davis Cup tennis? Will you consider doing what Henman did and retiring from Davis Cup before you stop playing altogether?   Usmaan Amin, UK 
 I haven't really thought about that yet. I'd like to see the younger players coming in and doing things in Davis Cup. It's great to see Andy Murray going out there and performing but I'd like to see Alex Bogdanovic come out and say he's ready to play finally because he's had some great results this year and Jamie Baker and some of the younger guys. We've got to think of the generation coming up - they're going to have to be the backbone of the team. 
 
  The next tie against Israel clashes with the RCA Championships. Will you consider not playing Davis Cup in order to defend the points you won by reaching the semis in in Indianapolis last year?  
 It's a big decision and I'll have to sit down and think about it. That's another reason I want to do well at Queen's and Wimbledon so it takes the pressure off and makes the decision easier. But I'd like to be there but I have to factor in all those things we just mentioned. 
 
  Have you tried to persuade Tim to play Davis Cup again?    Dan, Bristol  
 I've asked him about six times and I'm 0 for six so far so I don't think I'm going to win that battle! I've kind of given up on that one. Tim is slowing down in his career. He's got a family and two young children and he's just happy where he is at the moment. You have to respect that. 
 
  Do you think the format of the Davis Cup should be altered to a format similar to that of football's World Cup to help raise its profile? A tournament of three to four weeks duration that is held every two or four years and all countries compete.    Paul Johnson, UK  
 I think what we have to do it get everyone together in the same room from the ITF and the ATP and really plan a good schedule. I think the Davis Cup is a great event because it gets people to watch tennis who wouldn't normally. The format is good and I'd like to see it throughout the calendar year but I think it needs to be scheduled a bit better. 
 
  Rafael Nadal is making huge waves in tennis and he'll make his debut at Queen's this year. Can you see him making an impact on grass in the future?  
 I think it will be the hardest surface for him to win on, but, for example, he could get into the second week at Wimbledon because the courts are obviously a lot slower. Look at Jim Courier in 1993 - he got to the final against Pete Sampras playing a baseline game. Rafael's one of these guys who has such a competitiveness in him that he just wants to win all the time and that accounts for a lot. He can certainly do well at Wimbledon, but I don't see him winning the title. 
 
  Are there any good young British prospects coming through?    Robert Rath, England  
 It's the same people we've been talking about for a while - Alex Bogdanovic, Jamie Baker, Alan Mackin. They have to step up and find a way. But let's look at Tim. He didn't really break through until he was 21. When he was 19, people weren't expecting him to hit the heights so I'm hoping one of those players I just mentioned or someone we're not even talking about is going to excite us somehow, inspire us and make us want to watch tennis - like Andy Murray is now. 
 
  You spoke a couple of years ago about your hopes for Andrew Banks, but he has now retired at the age of 21. How do you see that? Is there not enough incentive in the game for people with that talent?  
 I have to respect him a little bit. He got to 21 and decided he wasn't up for it and wasn't going to make it. A lot of our players continue on a spiral where they're not really getting anywhere. They stay ranked between about 200 and 300 for about 10 or 15 years which doesn't accomplish much. They're not earning a decent living or being a top professional. Andrew had the talent and the weapons but there's another part of the game - the mental aspect. He realised he didn't have the mental commitment he needed and I respect him for that. 
 
  Why is it that the LTA is so bad at producing top tennis players?    Neil Woolley, England  
 Every country has a problem producing players. In America, you have a country of 300 million people and not all their players come through the United States Tennis Association. The LTA can help by financing the younger players and helping them out with coaches - but it's about finding the right players to start with. It doesn't matter if they come from a council estate or a well-to-do background, they have to have the hunger. We have great athletes in Britain but we have to spot them and maybe get them out of football, cricket or rugby and get them into tennis. 
 If we can find five or 10 of those kids, then we should start producing players. Look at Spain, they have so many young players who are always practising together. Even their players around 150 are absolute fighters who just want to be there and that's what we have to get. I'm already supposed to be meeting up with new LTA chief executive Roger Draper and when I've finished my career I want to sit down with the people in charge and see what the thought processes are. It's getting to a stage where we have to find a solution and we need to get the best minds around it. 
 
  Where does the new National Tennis Centre fit into all that?  
 It's a good idea but you have to have the right people working there and the right kids. That's the key. I've met a lot of the coaches and they're are very good but they need someone to guide them when they have problems. For example, when I finish playing I might be a very good player but does that make me a good coach? I need to learn my trade. You're putting yourself in a different situation where you have to find a solution. Do we need to spend £35m on the new centre? That's another question. 
 
  You were once in the US Open final. What is it like to set foot in a Grand Slam final, knowing that you're three sets away from a place in history?    Jamie Millington, England  
 I was only two sets away actually - I managed to win one set! It was great to get to the final, but at the time I expected there to be many more after that but it wasn't to be. It was such a thrill to be one of the last two players going for the title. The US Open is a great event and it was just a magical moment. That's what you play for - to try to win a Grand Slam. 
 
  How much harm do you think the nandrolone 'issue' did to your career, and how much more do you think you could have achieved without it?    David Sheppard, England  
 I thought I came back admirably considering the situation. I felt there was a real injustice and it inspired me to keep going. I've always had controversy in my career. It's never been smooth sailing which is unfortunate, whether it be injuries, having to deal with the coaching situation or fighting to clear my name on a situation which was completely unjust. It's always been one thing after another but I guess that's what makes life interesting. If I'd had a more relaxed, boring career, people wouldn't know me so much! But I think I've done pretty well considering. But I will never know what my career would have been like if I hadn't missed those six months.  