Dominant Hoy seals world success

  Britain's Chris Hoy added another top honour to his trophy cabinet by winning the kilometre time trial at the World Track Championships in France.  
 The Olympic champion, who was the last rider to go at the Bordeaux velodrome, destroyed the previous best time to take gold in one minute 1.361 seconds. 
 It was the Scot's third win in the event after victories in 2002 and 2004. 
 Australian Ben Kersten, who beat Hoy to Commonwealth Games gold in Melbourne last month, finished 0.724secs adrift.  
 Frenchman Francois Pervis took the bronze medal. 
 Britain had already pocketed one medal on Friday, Paul Manning securing bronze in the men's pursuit. 
 But it was a disappointing result for the Commonwealth champion, who put in a poor time in qualifying. 
 Manning went on to beat France's Fabien Sanchez to third place by around nine seconds. 
 The Sutton Coldfield rider's time of four minutes, 20.902 seconds would have easily been enough to beat either gold medallist Robert Bartko of Germany or silver medallist Jens Mouris of Holland in the final. 
 Victoria Pendleton stayed on course to defend her title in the women's sprint by reaching the last four. 
 Having secured Commonwealth gold, the 25-year-old from Bedfordshire looked less than sharp in the early stages. 
 She came comfortably through ties against Celine Nivert of France and Italy's Elisa Frisoni but needed three races to see off Simona Krupeckaite of Lithuania in the quarter-finals. 
 Pendleton's semi-final is on Saturday evening, when Great Britain could win all three golds on offer. 
 Mark Cavendish, who won gold for the Isle of Man at the Commonwealth Games, is a good bet in the scratch while Manning, Rob Hayles, Chris Newton and Stephen Cummings will aim to defend their team pursuit title. 
 Scotland's triple Commonwealth medallist Ross Edgar failed to make the keirin final, as did fellow Brit Matt Crampton. 
 Both riders were drawn in a very strong semi-final which also included Holland's Theo Bos, who went on to win gold. 
 Italy's Vera Carrara won the women's points race, with Olga Slyusareva of Russia in second and Spain's Gema Pascual Torrecilla taking third. 
 
 
 
  