Marathon magic

   Shelly Woods and David Weir will lead British hopes in the wheelchair races in Sunday's Flora London Marathon.  
 Blackpool teenager Woods finished second to Italian Francesca Porcellato last year on her marathon debut and has grown in strength over the last 12 months, finishing fourth in the Berlin Marathon and third in the New York Marathon. 
 Weir, who won the men's race in 2002, finished third last year and was second to Saul Mendoza in 2004 and is well-fancied for another success in the race organised by Disability Sport Events. 
 Here, both athletes tell BBC Sport what they are hoping for from the race and why the London Marathon is so special. 
 
   Shelly Woods:   "My aim is to push to the best of my ability and hopefully go one better than last year. I don't feel there is more pressure on me because I am a more established racer going into this year's race. 
            London is special because it is my home race, the media profile is high and family and friends can get behind you      Shelly Woods        "Although a lot of my training was geared towards the 800m race at the Commonwealth Games it hasn't been too difficult to refocus my training on the marathon distances. 
 "I really want to do well in London so it was a good motivation to switch my training to focus on that. 
 "Last year's London Marathon was my first-ever marathon and I was only expecting to finish in a half-decent time. To be there at the end with Francesca pushing to the line was great. 
 "The crowds were absolutely brilliant. I'm coming into this year's race in better shape and better form and it will be interesting to see what I can do. 
 "But there is so much that can happen - you can get a puncture or the weather might not be good. It depends on everything going well. 
 "Last year after London, I also competed in the New York and Berlin Marathons. Although the quality in New York was high, London is special because it is my home race, the media profile is high and family and friends can get behind you. 
 "I want to go better than last year but to win would be amazing and would be another notch on your belt. But it is something I've not really thought of." 
 
   David Weir:   "This is my sixth time to compete in the London Marathon and I'm looking forward to it. 
            I've also been quicker each year and I just really want to win it again      David Weir        "Although I've done it so many times, I still get nervous the day before and the morning of the race but once I get going, I am fine and once I start to relax I'm fine. 
 "The London Marathon is so special to me because as I was growing up I saw people like Chris Hallam and David Holding winning it. 
 "When I was doing the mini-marathons it was always my ambition to win it and then when I did won the marathon in 2002, I couldn't believe it - it was a dream come true. 
 "I've been there or thereabouts ever since and I've also been quicker each year and I just really want to win it again because it is in London and is my home race. 
 "The men's field this year is even stronger than before with Ernst van Dyk from South Africa coming over a week after winning the Boston Marathon and Saul Mendoza trying for this third win in a row. 
 "There isn't much between the top six or seven athletes and everyone is pushing well which should make for a great race as want to have competition pushing you the whole way. 
 "I haven't done a marathon this year but I raced in Reading a couple of weeks ago and managed 45 minutes for a half-marathon which was a course record so I'm pleased that I am in good form. 
 "During the race, I have to watch out on the downhill sections as other athletes are better than me but I've got good all-round speed and I can pick up speed quickly which helps me to keep with the pack and also sprint to the line. 
 "I've also got a new racing chair this year which has helped me. 
 "I'm aiming to do my best time in London and improve on my personal best of one hour 34 minutes. 
 "The atmosphere in London is the best you will get in the world, especially as people here are much more aware of Paralympic sport and it should be a memorable day."  