Maccarinelli targets interim shot

  WBU cruiserweight champion Enzo Maccarinelli wants a shot at the interim WBO title.  
 The Swansea 25-year-old remains the WBO's number one challenger and will take on all-comers, having been due to tackle champion Johnny Nelson in March. 
 But the Sheffield veteran was ruled out with a knee injury and is still no nearer resuming his boxing career. 
 "I haven't got a clue who I might be fighting but it doesn't really matter to me," Maccarinelli said.  
 Argentine Marcelo F Dominguez is the highest rated contender Maccarinelli can face at the moment, as WBO number two Steve Cunningham is due to fight Guillermo Jones for the IBF crown. 
 Should the Welshman win the interim title and 39-year-old Nelson be forced to retire because of his injury, Maccarinelli will inherit the full WBO title. 
          There was a bit of a hangover from Johnny Nelson pulling out      Enzo Maccarinelli        
 Maccarinelli fought last-minute replacement Mark Hobson in Manchester when the Nelson fight fell through and was forced to battle hard for a unanimous points decision. 
 The hard-punching cruiserweight revealed he hurt his left elbow early in the fight, an injury that has kept him out of the gym ever since and limited him to roadwork. 
 "I hurt the elbow around the fourth and I was in agony every time I threw the jab," Maccarinelli told Frankwarren.tv. 
 "It wasn't bothering me when I was throwing body shots but it did affect my performance. 
 "The injury obviously played a part, but I think I was a bit over-confident going into the fight and thought I'd just bang him out of there. 
 "There was also a bit of a hangover from Nelson pulling out. I'd waited for a long time to fight him and then for him to withdraw like that was a big blow. 
 "But I still feel I ticked lots of boxes. Before the fight people questioned my chin, but the way I was taking those big right hands in the closing rounds showed I can hold a shot. 
 "I made a lot of mistakes in the fight but I walked away with the win and that's the most important thing."  