Nicholls win beckons new era

   The jump trainers' title has moved a matter of miles from one Somerset stable to another - a short hop geographically but a seismic change in the racing landscape.  
 Paul Nicholls, one of a younger generation of trainers, has finally broken Martin Pipe's stranglehold over jump racing to win his first title. 
 Pipe, who announced on the final day of the season that he was retiring and handing over to his son David, has won the championship 15 times, including in each of the last 10 seasons. 
 His revolutionary, meticulously scientific approach to training changed the face of jump racing. 
 Nicholls, like most of his contemporaries, has been influenced by Pipe's ideas but has now usurped him as master of his profession. 
 The 44-year-old's maiden title is a well deserved reward for his perseverance after being runner-up to Pipe on no fewer than seven occasions. 
 During that period, Nicholls has edged closer and closer to his West Country rival and at times in the two previous seasons, he has been odds-on to win, only for Pipe to finally prevail. 
 Last year, the championship, which is decided on prize money rather than number of winners, went to the wire with Pipe clinching the title on the final day of the season. 
 But Nicholls has broken his title duck in style this season with a comfortable win over his neighbour and rival. 
         NICHOLLS' BIG-RACE STARS     
     Cheltenham Gold Cup   1999 See More Business    Queen Mother Champion Chase   1999 Call Equiname 2004 Azertyuiop    King George VI Chase   1997 & 1999 See More Business    Welsh National   2004 Silver Birch    Hennessy Gold Cup   2003 Strong Flow    Betfred Gold Cup   2001 & 2003 Ad Hoc        
 The Ditcheat-based trainer has once again amassed approaching 150 winners and was the leading trainer at the Cheltenham Festival, the most prestigious meeting of the season. 
 Perhaps even more memorable was a record-breaking afternoon at Wincanton in January when he became the first trainer to saddle six winners on the same card. 
 The 1,776-1 six-timer put him £433,000 clear of Pipe and enabled him to talk - albeit in guarded terms - about winning his first title. 
 Pipe himself, who eventually finished third in the trainers' table, conceded the title even before the Grand National, allowing Nicholls to enjoy the remainder of the season basking in his success, something he can only have dreamed of when he took out his training licence 15 years ago. 
 That followed a journeyman career as a professional jockey, featuring 130 winners, including two Hennessy Gold Cups and a Welsh National. 
 He learned the training trade with David Baron, Josh Gifford, Les Kennard and John Thorne before taking over the Paul Barber-owned Manor Farm Stables from Jim Old. 
 At that time, Nicholls had just eight horses but gradually built up his stable and his reputation and in Ruby Walsh can call upon one of the best jockeys in the business. 
 Barber provided him with many early winners but the extrovert Nicholls has shrewdly cultivated a broad base of owners prepared to spend heavily on quality horses. 
 That is in contrast to the more insular Pipe, whose success relies mainly on his major patron David Johnson. 
 Nicholls' strategy has brought him a steady stream of big-race winners, which has boosted his winnings and enhanced his reputation, thus attracting yet more owners. 
 That quality of runner is manifested in the fact that despite his phenomenal success, Pipe has never won jump racing's blue riband race, the Cheltenham Gold Cup, which Nicholls ticked off back in 1999 with See More Business. 
 Furthermore, Nicholls' success this season comes despite the prolonged absence through injury of two of his stable stars, Azertyuiop and Kauto Star. 
 This strength in depth is something that is sure to stand the Manor House Stables outfit in good stead in the seasons to come. 
 But it will be needed as one of the few dead certs in racing is that Team Pipe, now headed by son David, will be determined to regain the title next season - beginning on Sunday. 
 
 
 
  