Belgians level scores with Russia

        FED CUP DAY ONE SCORES      Belgium 1-1 Russia   Germany 0-2 USA   France 1-1 Italy   Spain 2-0 Austria       Justine Henin-Hardenne beat Nadia Petrova to level the scores for Belgium in their Fed Cup tie against Russia.  
 Earlier, Elena Dementieva got Russia's title defence off to a perfect start with a 6-4 6-3 victory over world number two Kim Clijsters. 
 But Henin-Hardenne pulled the scores back to 1-1 with a 6-7 6-4 6-2 win over Petrova in Saturday's second match. 
 Elsewhere, USA lead Germany 2-0, Spain are 2-0 ahead of Austria and France tied at 1-1 with Italy.   
 Russia are aiming for a hat-trick of Fed Cup titles but face a stiff challenge from Belgium, who defeated them in the 2001 final. 
 The winner of this weekend's meeting will face either Germany or the United States in the semi-finals in July. 
          I fought all the way and it is the only reason I won      Justine Henin-Hardenne        Sunday sees a reverse of Saturday's singles with Clijsters up first against Petrova and French Open champion Henin-Hardenne facing Dementieva. 
 The final doubles pairings will depend on the outcome of the singles. 
 Henin-Hardenne, ranked fourth in the world, was delighted with her battling performance against Petrova, who is considered the best clay-court player at present. 
 "It was tough after the first set. I fought all the way and it is the only reason I won," she said after battling cramps in the decider. 
 Meanwhile, Jamea Jackson and Jill Craybas gave an under-strength  USA  team a commanding lead over hosts  Germany  in their opening singles matches. 
 Fed Cup debutant Jackson surprised below-par world number 14 Anna-Lena Groenefeld 6-2 3-6 7-5. 
 Craybas, leading her team in the absence of injured trio Lindsay Davenport, Venus and Serena Williams, saved a match point before securing a 4-6 6-2 7-5 win over Julia Schruff. 
 Anabel Medina and Lourdes Dominguez gave five-time champions  Spain  a great start to their tie with  Austria  . 
 Medina eased to a 6-3 7-5 victory over Austrian Ivonne Meusburguer, while Dominguez marked her debut with a 7-6 (5) 3-6 6-3 win over Sybille Bammer. 
 In  France  , Amelie Mauresmo delighted the home crowd by levelling the scores with a 6-1 6-1 win against Flavia Pennetta of  Italy  . 
 Earlier Italian Francesca Schiavone battled from a set down to defeat Nathalie Dechy 6-7 (5) 6-3 6-3.  