Calzaghe still waiting for a foe

  The announcement of Joe Calzaghe's opponent for his 8 July bout has been delayed for a third time.  
 The 34-year-old Welshman was due to reveal on Thursday who he will face at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium for his IBF and WBO super middleweight titles. 
 "It's one of those things but it doesn't matter, I'll be facing a top contender," Calzaghe told BBC Sport. 
 Danny Williams' heavyweight re-match against Matt Skelton and Amir Khan's next bout will be on the undercard.  
 WBU cruiserweight champion Enzo Maccarinelli is also expected to fight for the interim WBO title and Gary Lockett is set to meet Ryan Rhodes for the WBU middleweight crown. 
               
 Bradley Pryce makes his first Commonwealth light-middleweight defence, Tony Doherty faces Taz Jones for the Celtic welterweight title, and Gavin Rees challenges Scot Martin Watson for the Celtic lightweight crown. 
 Calzaghe will be seeking to continue the superb form he showed when he beat American Jeff Lacy in March. 
 "I am still on a high after the Lacy fight and to be fighting in front of so many fans in my home city is going to be unbelievable," he said. 
 "I love being a champion and I love the money and I am not going to let it slip now. I am ready to maintain my new standard and I will be 100% prepared for my next opponent." 
          I don't consider this fight a risk because I know I can box much better than I did last time      Danny Williams        
 Peter Manfredo has been ruled out of contention for the bout, although Calzaghe's team still hope to name one of the top-ranked Americans in the division. 
 Promoter Frank Warren said the fight, which is expected to attract a crowd of 25,000, would not be scheduled to suit US audiences and would be televised by ITV. 
 He also revealed that the super middleweight was still hoping to meet light heavyweight star Antonio Tarver in what could be a career-defining fight later in the year. 
 Much depends, though, on the outcome of the 37-year-old American's clash with former middleweight king Bernard Hopkins in Atlantic City on 10 June. 
               Moving the Williams-Skelton fight to Cardiff adds another major draw to an already mouth-watering card. 
 Warren believes he can deliver a world title shot for the winner. 
 Williams won a controversial first fight against Skelton on a split decision in February and the Commonwealth title re-match had originally been scheduled for Manchester's MEN Arena on 15 July. 
 Williams said: "I don't consider this fight a risk because I know I can box much better than I did while Skelton was at his best. I was 50% last time, and this time I will stop him." 
 Khan's eighth fight as a professional will be a six-rounder and the opponent will be named soon. 
 Warren said the 19-year-old Englishman, who won a silver medal at the 2004 Olympics, would fight for a title of some kind before the end of the year. 
  