Lacdoudal wins Betfred Gold Cup

        BETFRED GOLD CUP       1 Lacdoudal  10-1  R Johnson (P Hobbs)    2 Eric's Charm  8-1  L Aspell (O Sherwood)    3 My Will  8-1  R Walsh (P Nicholls)    4 Liberthine  10-1  S Waley-Cohen (N Henderson)       Lacdoudal, trained by Philip Hobbs and ridden by Richard Johnson, won the Betfred Gold Cup at Sandown.  
 The 10-1 shot was almost brought down when Mr Fluffy fell at the eighth fence but Johnson recovered well to win the finale to the jump racing season. 
 Eric's Charm, ridden by Leighton Aspell, finished a length and a half back in second and Ruby Walsh's mount My Will finished third. 
 Liberthine, ridden by amateur Sam Waley-Cohen, was fourth.   
 You're Special, the 7-1 favourite, came down at the 15th while French raider Innox was a late absentee because of the drying ground. 
 Lacdoudal was lying handy when he was hit by the falling Mr Fluffy, while up front One Knight, also trained by Hobbs, lost the lead when making a mistake at the 12th fence. 
          I suppose we have to think about the Grand National for Lacdoudal. He's the sort of horse that might do the job      Trainer Philip Hobbs        
 That left Eric's Charm in front from Lacdoudal, Calling Brave and Liberthine. 
 Lacdoudal joined Eric's Charm three out and soon powered into the lead to give the Hobbs team their first success in the feature race on the last day of the jumps season. 
 The £91,232 first prize took Hobbs ahead of Martin Pipe into second place in the trainers' championship behind Paul Nicholls. 
 Hobbs said: "I thought he was a bit brave going on when he did but he stayed on very well. 
 "I suppose we have to think about the Grand National for him. He's the sort of horse that might do the job. Even though he is tiny he has always jumped particularly well. 
 "I actually had him in the race this year but took him out and I suppose you could argue that he'll never be so well handicapped again." 
 Nicholls said of his horse My Will: "The ground was just a touch quick for him but Ruby (Walsh) gave him a lovely ride." 
               
 The West Country trainer was formally crowned champion for the first time after a decade dominated by Pipe, who had announced his retirement earlier that day. 
 Tony McCoy picked up his 11th champion jockey title although his winning total of 178 was his lowest since his first in 1996. 
 Irishman JP McManus was the champion owner. 
  