Mistry set to go

      By Elizabeth Hudson        
    British wheelchair tennis number one Jayant Mistry is ready to kick-start his season after injury.  
 Mistry has been out since the end of last year with an elbow problem but makes his return in next week's Invacare World Team Cup in Brazil. 
 "This injury could have signalled the end of my career so I'm delighted to be finally back playing again," said Mistry. 
 "I've been training for the last month and the elbow feels fine so I just want to get out on court again. 
 "I haven't played a tournament in six months and it has been the longest time I've been at home in 10 years which has been strange," said the 39-year-old. 
 "It has given me the chance to sort out my post and water my plants regularly and also live a normal life and go on some holidays." 
 Mistry suffered the injury in January and had to undergo keyhole surgery before doctors found a piece of bone had broken off and jammed in his elbow. 
 "Most tennis players suffer from the problem from time to time but this was a large fragment which inflamed my elbow and it was so painful at one point I even couldn't brush my teeth using that arm," said the Leicester man. 
 "It was a relief when they found out what was wrong because it could have been a torn ligament, which would have ended my season, or arthritis, which might have finished my career. 
 "I've been lucky that I haven't had many serious injuries and this is probably the worst one I've had. It's a shame because I was playing well at the end of last year." 
 Mistry, who is ranked 14th in singles and 8th in doubles in the world, makes his return representing Great Britain in the World Team Cup in Brazil from 1 May. 
 It will be a record-breaking 20th time he has played in the event, which is the Davis Cup of wheelchair tennis. 
          Winning Wimbledon last year was certainly one of my biggest ever highlights      Jayant Mistry        
 "Most times when you play tournaments, you are playing as an individual but to represent your country is very special," he admitted. 
 "To do it for the 20th time in one event is a record I never intended to set and I don't think it will be broken for a while." 
 One of Mistry's main aims of the year is to try to retain his Wimbledon wheelchair doubles title with Frenchman Michael Jeremiasz but he was concerned that the injury could have spoiled that plan. 
 "Winning Wimbledon last year was certainly one of my biggest ever highlights as it was the first one and I definitely want to go back again and defend my title," he said. 
 "I was worried that my ranking would drop down and I wouldn't be eligible for Wimbledon as it is a world class event and you have to be ranked high enough to compete. 
 "But most of my ranking points are from the latter part of the year and I'm confident of being able to take part."  