Srichaphan Q&A

   In the second of a series of BBC Sport fan forums building up to the start of the grass court season at the Stella Artois Championships, we gave you the chance to send your questions to Thailand's Paradorn Srichaphan.  
 Rafael Nadal, Andy Murray, Andy Roddick, Lleyton Hewitt, Tim Henman and Greg Rusedski have already revealed their intention to play at the Stella Artois, June 12-18 at the Queen's Club in London, and now Srichaphan has committed to the event. The full entry list will be announced next week. 
          Take Srichaphan's training challenge         
 The Thai is a huge star in his homeland, where an entire population stops what it is doing to watch his matches. He broke into the world's top 10 in 2003, and beat Andre Agassi at Wimbledon a few years ago. 
 With wins over Juan Carlos Ferrero and David Nalbandian, he reached the Masters Series event in Indian Wells earlier this year, and this week he will play on clay at the BMW Open in Munich. 
 Here are the answers he gave to a selection of your questions: 
 
  What do you think of Andy Murray and do you think he is a contender at Wimbledon?     John, England   
 He's a really young and upcoming player. For him to play on grass in England will give him a lot of confidence and I think he'll do well. 
 
  You often struggle on clay, yet you are a baseline player. How difficult is clay to master if you've not grown up on the surface?     Andy Stevenson, UK   
 I didn't play on a clay court until I was 17 which was pretty late. If I'd grown up playing on clay I'd be a lot better. I grew up on hard courts so that's my best surface. 
 
  When you were developing as a player, was there a particular player you aspired to?     Matthew Didcot, UK   
 When I was young I looked up to Michael Chang. He was one of the best in the world and from an Asian background so I wanted to be like him. 
 
  There aren't many Thai players on the tour. How does it feel being Thai number one and having your whole country's expectations placed upon you? How do you handle that?     Dan,United Kingdom   
 It feels great to do something for your country. I feel proud to represent Thailand and always try my best. A lot of people recognise me at home and they seem proud that someone is representing them at the world level in tennis. 
 
  Where is your favourite place to place and why?     Kiran,Glasgow   
 There are lots of nice tournaments around the world but my favourite is the Thailand Open. For a long time we didn't have any big competitions but now we have this one and it allows the Thai people to come and watch some of the best players in the game. 
 
  What did it feel like to beat one of the all time greats Andre Agassi on Centre Court at Wimbledon back in 2002?     Mark Witchell, United Kingdom   
 It's a good memory. It was my first time on Centre Court. Beating Andre Agassi gave me a lot of confidence for the matches that followed. 
 
  Do you think Federer will win the French Open this year, if he meets Nadal in the final?     Rohan Sharma, India   
 That's a tough question. Federer is getting better on clay but as we saw in Monte Carlo, Nadal is still better on that surface. It would be a good final but would Federer win? Maybe! 
 
  Do you feel enough is being done in Asia to develop the standard and exposure of the game at the grassroot and professional level?     Brendan Dsouza,Dubai, UAE   
 In the last couple of years we've seen quite a lot of development in the women's game with some good players coming through from China and Japan. In general though it does seem tough for Asian players to break through and I don't know why that is. 
 
  Do you think that Roger Federer can go on and break Pete Sampras' record of 14 Grand Slams?     Martin James, Australia   
 It will be tough, 14 titles is a lot. He's halfway there so he could do it. 
 
  Who's your favourite player of all time?     Zaynab,West Indies   
 Andre Agassi, so many things have happened to him throughout his career. He went from being world number one down into the hundreds and then back up to the top. He knows how to deal with the hard times and get back up there. 
 
  What was your most memorable match in a Grand Slam?     Michael McEwan,England   
 The win over Andre Agassi at Wimbledon in 2002 - it was the first year I broke through so it's a good memory for me. 
 
  Would you consider going into coaching after your tennis career?     Stuart Simpson, Bristol   
 I'm not really thinking about it yet. If I retired and a relative of mine was coming through, I'd really consider it. Whatever happens, I think I'll miss the tour when I finish so I'll try and stay involved in tennis in some way. 
 
  How do you feel about your game right now and what expectations do you have for this week's tournament in Munich?     Martin, Germany   
 In my five years of playing in Europe I've never felt this good on clay. I really like the Munich tournament and hopefully I'll do well. 
  