Khmel lands UK relay coaching job

  UK Athletics has appointed Michael Khmel as the new coach of the men's 4x100m relay squad.  
 Khmel, who has also worked in Australia and the Netherlands over the past five years, takes over from Mike McFarlane. 
 The Russian will take charge of a squad that won gold at the Athens Olympics as they prepare for this year's European Championships and the 2008 Games. 
 "Michael has coached World and Olympic medallists very effectively," said UK performance director Dave Collins.  
 "We will be looking to him to bring to the senior men's 4x100m squad the levels of professionalism and commitment required to keep us at the top of the Olympic podium." 
          The three relay coaches will work as a team to give our athletes all possible support in their attempts to maximise this potential      UK Athletics performance Dave Collins        
 Working together with coach Harry King, Khmel's first job will be to rejuvenate a squad that is dominated by the England team that disappointed at this year's Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. 
 The England team crashed out during the heats after a baton mix-up which led to Collins issuing a warning to his under-performing stars that lottery funding could be lost if they failed to meet expectations. 
 Khmel, a former international athlete and bobsleigher, has coached the Australian 4x100m team as well as sprinter Matt Shirvington. 
 McFarlane will continue at UK Athletics as a performance coach while Roger Walters takes over as coach of the women's 4x100m relay squad. 
 "Roger has a thoroughly good record," Collins added. "He worked successfully with GB Juniors for several years and has done a great job at the women's get-togethers through this winter. 
 "These two appointments are part of a developing programme of coach appointments and they are crucial because there is no doubting our potential for relay medals at major championships. 
 "The three relay coaches will work as a team to give our athletes all possible support in their attempts to maximise this potential." 
 
  