The rise and rise of Anton

  
  Until quite recently, if you mentioned the name Ferdinand only one player sprung to mind.  
 Not anymore. 
 In 2002, as Anton Ferdinand signed his professional papers at West Ham, brother Rio became the world's most expensive defender moving to Manchester United. 
 Four years on and Anton is preparing for an FA Cup final after an impressive season with the Hammers. But it hasn't always been so straightforward for the defender. 
 "When it came to signing my forms for West Ham I was feeling a bit funny because I wasn't enjoying my football," Ferdinand told BBC Sport's Football Focus. 
 "I just wasn't having the best time. I told my dad I wasn't sure I wanted to take football seriously. 
 "Dad said I should try the football first because the music could always follow afterwards. I took his advice and it all worked out for me." 
          I like to sing, I can play the drums and I play the piano      Anton Ferdinand        
 Although he is now a top-flight footballer, Ferdinand is proud of his roots in south east London and has happy memories of learning his trade there. 
 "I was always trying tricks, especially in Peckham. If someone got beaten by a trick then everybody would start laughing. 
 "It did a lot of good for me growing up in an estate in Peckham. But that is what it's about there - it's about showing who has the most tricks!" 
   
 Under the guidance of Glenn Roeder and now Alan Pardew, the 21-year-old has found many new admirers and despite the successes at Upton Park this season, he realises the work is just beginning. 
 "My concentration has got a lot better playing against world class strikers in the Premiership and that can only bring the best out of you," he added. 
 "I've worked hard on the training pitch but you have always got to try and better your game. 
         ANTON'S FACTFILE       Born:  18 Feb 1985    Place of birth:  Peckham, London    Position:  Defender    Height:  6ft 0in    Signed at West Ham:  14 Dec 2002    Hobbies:  Music and horse riding        
 "It has been great playing against all sorts of skilful internationals, such as Cesc Fabregas, Wayne Rooney and Cristiano Ronaldo. 
 So is there much rivalry between the two Ferdinand brothers? 
 "Rio is the player I look up to most," Anton revealed. "We're very close and we're always on the phone. We don't stop laughing and joking." 
 And who's the quicker player? "I am faster," Anton said. "He thinks he is but I am definitely! 
 "Now I'm known as Anton and not just Rio's brother. The press used to compare us all the time but people have started to judge me on my own performances." 
 The 2006 World Cup has come a little too soon for Anton but the Ferdinand family ambitions burn strongly. 
 "It has been a dream of mine and Rio's since we were kids to play as centre halves together for England. It would be amazing for our mum and dad," Anton said. 
 "I'm only 21 and have plenty of years ahead of me. It is just down to me to work hard and break into the squad." 
 And with his musical talent, perhaps writing or singing a World Cup song is a possibility? 
 "Maybe, but hopefully I'll be playing in one first."  