British swimmers dominate in pool

      by Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport in Manchester        
   Matt Walker and Andrew Lindsay claimed two golds apiece as British swimmers starred in the pool at the Visa Paralympic World Cup in Manchester.  
 Walker won the S7 50m freestyle while Lindsay claimed the S7 100m backstroke. 
 They also helped Britain to gold in the multi disability 4x50m freestyle relay along with David Hill and James Crisp. 
 There were also golds for Sascha Kindred (S6 50m butterfly) and Jim Anderson, who set a new European record in the S2 50m freestyle.  
 South African star Natalie du Toit set two world records on her way to winning gold in the S9 50m and the multi-disability 100m freestyle. 
          Having broken my 50m record in Melbourne, I never expected to do it again so soon and it is a huge surprise      Natalie du Toit        
 Du Toit clocked a time of 29.04 seconds in the 50m, beating the record she set at March's Commonwealth Games in Melbourne, with Britain's Claire Cashmore third in a new British record. 
 Her 100m time of 1:01.18 improved the mark of 1:01.68 she set in Manchester 12 months ago when she also won two golds. 
 But the modest du Toit was keeping her winning achievements in perspective. 
 "I just came here to try my best," she insisted. "I've had a busy time since Melbourne with the South African able-bodied championships and I've been concentrating my long-distance work. 
 "Having broken my 50m record in Melbourne, I never expected to do it again so soon and it is a huge surprise. 
 "I didn't feel there was more pressure on me from the crowd because of how well I performed here last year. I just wanted to perform as best as I could." 
          Everything is going well for me at the moment and I'm relaxed and enjoying my swimming      Matt Walker        
 It was a good day for Walker who saw his beloved Stockport County escape relegation from League Two but he was denied a chance to compete against British rival Dave Roberts, who had to pull out through illness. 
 "Everything is going well for me at the moment and I'm relaxed and enjoying my swimming," he told BBC Sport. 
 "The 50m freestyle is my favourite event and I've had a good couple of months including winning bronze at the Commonwealth Games in Melbourne. 
 "It was a shame Dave couldn't be here but you can only compete against the swimmers who are here and I had to beat some tough competitors. 
 "I didn't want to know how Stockport were doing until after I had competed in the individual race but it completes what has been a memorable day for me." 
 Lindsay was relieved to have held off the challenge of Argentina's Guillermo Marro and keep up his 10-year unbeaten record in the event in major competitions. 
         GB medals on Saturday:     Gold:  Andrew Lindsay (S7 100m backstroke), Sascha Kindred (S6 50m butterfly), Matt Walker (S7 50m freestyle), Jim Anderson (S2 50m freestyle), 4x50m freestyle relay    Silver:  Natalie Jones (S6 50m freestyle), James Crisp (S9 100m backstroke)    Bronze:  Anthony Stephens (S5 50m freestyle), Claire Cashmore (S9 50m freestyle)        
 "I knew the individual race would be a tough one but I'm surprised to have come close to my British record this early in the season," said the Scot. 
 "This is only my second long-course meeting of the year and I think that I can break the record later in the year." 
 Kindred admitted he was surprised to have broken his own British record for the second time in the space of four weeks and claim his second gold medal at the Manchester event in consecutive years. 
 He said: "I've worked very hard on my butterfly over the past two years and I'm finally reaping the rewards and hopefully it will help me in my medley racing. 
 "This is probably my number three event and I finished sixth in Athens so this is a huge boost for me ahead of the World Championships in South Africa later this year." 
 There were also silvers for Britons Natalie Jones (S6 50m freestyle) and James Crisp (S9 100m backstroke) while Anthony Stephens took bronze in the S5 freestyle.  