Storm shares lead at Spanish Open

        R1 LEADERBOARD      GG & Ire unless stated    -7  Lima (Por), Storm   -6  Moore (Rsa), Ballesteros (Spa), Parron (Spa), Tunnicliff, Jimenez (Spa)  Selected others:    -4  Montgomerie   -2  Bjorn (Den)      England's Graeme Storm and Portugal's Jose-Felipe Lima shared the lead after the first round of the Spanish Open.  
 The pair shot seven-under-par 65s to lead by a stroke from a group which includes Raul Ballesteros, the nephew of Seve Ballesteros. 
 Colin Montgomerie was six under after 12 holes but was rocked by a double bogey at the 14th and ended with a 68. 
 "I hit onto a cart path and it bounced into a bush. It took two to get out. That stopped me in my tracks," he said.   
 It capped a frantic day for the Scot, who had to launch a desperate search for a caddie before his round started. 
 Regular bag-man Alastair McLean had to fly home after picking up a virus in China last week and phoned Montgomerie at 6am saying he felt awful. 
 "It's a little bit worrying and he's gone back to London," said Montgomerie. 
 The group of players one off the pace contains the Spaniards Miguel Angel Jimenez and Juan Parron, Miles Tunnicliff of England and South African Titch Moore. 
 Defending champion Peter Hanson of Sweden is one shot further back while Denmark's Thomas Bjorn carded a 70. 
 Joint-leader Storm had eight birdies and just one bogey and got off to a flying start, making a birdie at four of the first five holes. 
 "It was great to capitalize on perfect conditions," he said. 
 "I don't want to get too far ahead of myself, but everything seems to be going in the right direction." 
 Ballesteros, 25, said he had spoken to his uncle, who helped design the course, about how to play it. 
 He also said he was determined to earn a full-time place on the European Tour. 
 "I want to be a full-time player, but I need to play more to get experience," he said. 
 "Right now I can only play seven tour events. I'd play every one if I could. But I have to do something big." 
  