Windies ease to Zimbabwe victory

   One-day international, St John's: West Indies 154-5 beat Zimbabwe 151-9 by five wickets    
   Brian Lara's unbeaten 40 steered West Indies to victory in their opening one-day match against Zimbabwe.  
 Captain Lara came to the Antigua wicket with West Indies struggling on 77-4, chasing Zimbabwe's modest 151. 
 But Lara, with help from Denesh Ramdin who scored 37, guided them to victory with 40 from 43 balls, including a six. 
 Justice Chibhabha hit 55 from 99 balls for Zimbabwe but the tourists lost their last six wickets for 30 in the last 10 overs to finish on 151-9.  
 Lara, returning as West Indies captain on the ground where he scored his Test record 400 against England, scored the winning runs, lofting Ryan Higgins over wide long-on for a six. 
 West Indies are now 1-0 up in the seven-match one-day series, which replaced the scheduled Test tour when Zimbabwe opted to suspend their Test status earlier this year. 
 Four West Indies bowlers - Jerome Taylor, Dwayne Bravo, Dwayne Smith and Chris Gayle - took two wickets each after Zimbabwe were sent in to bat. 
 The visitors suffered an early setback when opener Piet Rinke was caught at square leg for one in the second over. 
 The West Indies exploited bounce and movement from the pitch but captain Terrence Duffin and Chibhabha navigated Zimbabwe through the tough first half of the innings with a stand of 64. 
 Duffin played a few crisp strokes through the off side, and Chibhabha offered steady support punctuating periods of solidity with the occasional stroke in anger. 
 Duffin, dropped on six by Denesh Ramdin, finally fell to the wicket-keeper for 26 when he edged a back-foot drive off Smith. 
 After a plodding 50, Chibhabha became reckless and was caught at long-off off Smith in the 37th over. 
 Zimbabwe then collapsed with only Brendon Taylor (25) putting up any resistance. 
 West Indies' task looked straightforward but they suffered an early casualty, when opener Runako Morton was caught at second slip for a duck off the bowling of Edward Rainsford in the first over. 
 Ramnaresh Sarwan was dropped twice but his luck ran out when he was run out on 14 after Prosper Utseya scored a direct hit from square leg. 
 Chris Gayle was caught at short third man for 35 off Utseya, and fellow left-hander Shivnarine Chanderpaul was caught behind top-edging a cut at a delivery from the same bowler. 
 Ramdin and Lara added a crucial 44 for the fifth wicket to put West Indies back on track. 
 Ramdin was bowled by Utseya for 37 in the 33rd over to leave Lara and Dwayne Bravo to guide the team to victory. 
 Utseya was the most successful Zimbabwe bowler with 3-35 from his 10 overs. 
  