GB women eye Mexico as top threat

      By Mike Burnett        
  There will be live TV coverage of the event on BBC2's Sunday Grandstand at 1330-1730 BST on 7 May  
   GB women's coach Garry Peel expects his wheelchair basketball team to go all the way at this week's Visa Paralympic World Cup but fears rivals Mexico.  
 Peel also added that he would be using the event to prepare for the future. 
 "I'm going ahead like we can win this tournament," Peel told BBC Sport, ahead of the four-team event starting Monday. 
 "I think the team that we have to beat is Mexico. I think we can take Spain and China but I'm going to use the tournament to play all 12 players."  
 Peel became GB coach just before last year's inaugural Paralympic World Cup, where his team lost to France in the final. 
          You've got to keep looking (for new talent) because in disability sport you can able-bodied one minute and disabled the next      GB women's coach Garry Peel        After taking over on a temporary basis, he was eventually confirmed as the permanent coaching choice and is already relishing the chance to plan for the 2012 Paralympics in London. 
 "I'm just using this tournament in Manchester as preparation for the future of 2012," he added. 
 "One of my goals is to get more women playing in the women's league - the more I can bring to my training sessions and develop the basic skills for these girls the better it'll be for the women's league in general." 
 One of Peel's methods of improving the standard in the women's game has been to hold open training sessions to spot new talent. 
         GB WOMEN'S PWC FIXTURES     Mon 1 May:   GB v China  GB v Spain    Tues 2 May:   GB v Mexico    Wed 3 May:  Semi-finals    Thur 4 May:  Final        "You've got to keep looking because in disability sport you can able-bodied one minute and disabled the next - especially if you have an accident. 
 "We've had one open session so far this year. and that's what I want to do as many times as possible. I'm hoping to get 30-40 girls at every training session, which is fantastic. 
 "It's good for the future of women's basketball in Britain. There was a couple of surprises in the first session and I've invited them back." 
 Although Peel will be going all out to win in Manchester, he sees the event as a vital chance to blood his young team, which includes teenage debutantes Debee Steel and Helen Freeman. 
 "Rather than having seven players playing and winning the tournament, I want 12 players coming away feeling they've taken part in the tournament. 
 "This year I've brought in a 16-year-old (Freeman) and a 17-year-old (Steel). 
         GB MEN'S PWC FIXTURES     Mon 1 May:   GB v Sweden    Tues 2 May:   GB v Canada  GB v Australia    Wed 3 May:  Semi-finals    Thur 4 May:  Final        "I just thought I'd give them the experience of what it's like to compete at a tournament, especially an international tournament." 
 But, as usual, Peel fears that finance will be the team's main obstacle to success. 
 "Like every sport in Britain, it's the funding that's usually lacking. 
 "It's just the financial backing of getting the girls together. Since September last year, I think we've got together three times, which is not very good, is it? You can't produce a world-class team, just meeting up three times a year." 
          Great Britain's men will have a tough task in Manchester, given they are missing a few players      Former GB captain Dan Johnson        GB women get their campaign at Manchester Velodrome under way on Monday against newcomers China and Spain before completing the round-robin stage against Mexico on Tuesday. 
  Meanwhile, former captain Dan Johnson believes the GB men's team will have a difficult task to retain their Paralympic World Cup crown. 
 Dave Titmuss' side claimed a dramatic overtime victory over Australia 12 months ago and will face them again, along with Paralympic champions Canada and Sweden at the Manchester Velodrome. 
 But they will be without key players Simon Munn, Jon Pollock and Colin Price for the tournament. 
 "I think Great Britain will have a tough task in Manchester, given they are missing a few players," said Johnson, who will be commentating on the event for BBC Television. 
 "Both the Canadians and the Australians will be bringing over full-strength sides and the Swedes, who were third in last year's European Championships, are also an experienced team." 
  Additional reporting from Elizabeth Hudson.   