Storm breezes into Spanish lead

        R2 LEADERBOARD      GG & Ire unless stated    -12  Storm   -11  Griffiths, Suneson (Spa), Karlsson (Swe), Moore (SA), Bickerton  -10  Bjorn (Den), Widmark (Swe), Lara (Spa)   Selected others:    -8  Lane, Montgomerie      England's Graeme Storm maintained his hopes of a maiden European Tour victory as he took a one-shot halfway lead at the Spanish Open in San Roque.  
 Three closing birdies saw the former British amateur champion card a second-round 67 to take him to 12-under-par after an opening 65. 
 Fellow Englishmen John Bickerton and David Griffiths are among a group of five players a stroke behind. 
 Scotland's Colin Montgomerie is four shots back after a second straight 68.   
 Storm, 28, was a team-mate of Luke Donald and Paul Casey at the 1999 Walker Cup. 
 But while those two have gone on on to Ryder Cup success, Storm has made four trips to the tour qualifying school and even worked in a cream cake factory four years ago. 
 "I don't think I've held the lead before - I don't even think I've been in the last group before," he said. "It will be interesting. 
 "I would love to win just once. That would do me. I don't expect to win a lot of titles. 
 "People expected me to do well after winning the Amateur, but it takes hard work and dedication and losing my card in 2002 was maybe the kick up the backside I needed." 
 Dane Thomas Bjorn is in a group two shots behind Storm after a 64 that stood as the course record until Swede Robert Karlsson posted a 63 later in the day to join the group one behind Storm. 
 Bjorn is playing catch-up in the Ryder Cup race after being ill for over a month late last year and then missing five more weeks with a neck injury earlier this season. 
 "It was one of those days when golf seemed easy and stress seemed far away," he said. 
 "I've had six or seven months without much practice, but the last month or so I've been able to start getting my fitness a little bit stronger and getting my game back in shape." 
  