West Indies brush aside Zimbabwe

   One-day international, St John's: West Indies 242-9 (50 overs) beat Zimbabwe 144 all out (46.2 overs) by 98 runs    
            It's about doing the basics and doing them right consistently in an efficient manner      Jerome Taylor       West Indies skittled out Zimbabwe for 144 to win by 98 runs in Antigua and take a 2-0 lead in seven-match series.  
 The home side were inconsistent with the bat and Ramnaresh SArwan's 55 was the top score in a total of 242-9. 
 But Zimbabwe lost their first three wickets for just 11 runs, all to Jerome Taylor, and never recovered, despite 19-year-old Justice Chibhabha's 67. 
 Taylor finished with career-best figures of 4-24 as Zimbabwe were all out for 144 in the 47th over.   
 "I think we have been a little slow off the mark because it's our first couple of games back and you can tell by the way some of the guys have been playing. 
 "They are still feeling their way, but I am sure by the time the series resumes next weekend in Guyana, we are going to have all the guys pumped up and really going," said West Indies skipper Brian Lara. 
 His side began solidly with Chris Gayle scoring 49, including three successive fours off Chibhabha, in a stand of 70 with Runako Morton before three wickets fell in 24 balls. 
 Zimbabwe, however, put the pressure right back on as Tawanda Mupariwa had Morton (16) and Gayle both caught behind and off-spinner Prosper Utseya trapped Denesh Ramdin lbw for four. 
   
 Sarwan got the innings moving with two leg-side sixes off Utseya but he and captain Brian Lara both fell to Mupariwa (3-46) in the space of 14 balls. 
 Sarwan was caught deep mid-wicket looking for a third six in the 38th over and Lara was taken for five trying to scoop over the fielder at short fine leg. 
 Dwayne Smith (30) entertained the crowd with three sixes in 18 balls to beef up the West Indies' total towards the end of their innings. 
 And it quickly became apparent that they had more than enoughr uns on the board thanks to an impressive new ball spell from Taylor, whose development since his debut three years ago has been disrupted by injuries. 
 He bowled Zimbabwe skipper Terrence Duffin and namesake Brendan Taylor and had Piet Rinke caught for six before Chibhabha tried to launch a counter-attack. 
 But the 19-year-old lacked support at the other end as wickets fell at regular intervals. 
 Elton Chigumbura (13), Gregory Strydom (5) and Charles Coventry (0) all departed in tame fashion before Chibhabha's brave knock also came to an end on 67 when he edged left-armer Ian Bradshaw to the keeper. 
 Blessing Mahwire and Prosper Utseya did little to change the momentum of the contest and the Windies were comprehensive winners despite a final-wicket stand of 28 from Mupariwa and Edward Rainsford. 
 "We lost too many wickets too early. We've got a few days to polish up before the next two matches and it gives us some time to go and polish up," Duffin commented. 
 
  