Crucible highs and lows

      By Saj Chowdhury  BBC Sport in Sheffield        
  It's been a rollercoaster ride of drama and emotion at this year's World Snooker Championship.  
 So we asked celebrities, fans and our users to pick out their highs, lows and their most memorable moments from the last two weeks at The Crucible. 
 
  Dennis Taylor, BBC commentator, at The Crucible:  
   
  High:  Marco Fu's comeback was incredible and a great high point. We could have had Fu as the first overseas world champion since Cliff Thorburn. 
  Low:  The tip fiasco involving O'Sullivan. Ronnie should have been focusing on trying to break Stephen Hendry's record of seven titles, instead of letting something like a tip problem get in the way. I think it was all psychological. 
  Memorable moment:  When Marco kept potting the blue and coming off the top cushion on his way to a 50 break, I said to Terry Griffiths in the commentary box, "You should bring out a video called 'How To Clear-Up With Nothing On'." 
 Obviously, I didn't mean playing snooker with no clothes on, but neither one of us could keep a straight face after that. 
 
  Simon Hickman, from Dudley, at The Crucible:  
   
  High:  For me it was watching Nigel Bond beat Stephen Hendry on a re-spotted black. It was very exciting and unexpected because I expected Hendry to beat him easily. 
  Low:  It was disappointing to see Ronnie O'Sullivan go out without putting up much of a fight. I think he should have tried harder to win. On some occasions he conceded when he needed just one snooker. 
  Memorable moment:  It was seeing Peter Ebdon crying. I've never witnessed that before. It seemed a bit weird but also nice to see because it meant so much to him. 
 
  Q-double-T-P from the 606 messageboards:  
  High:  Bond beating Hendry on the re-spotted black. 
  Low:  When Ebdon started giving away frame after frame against Fu, I felt as if I was more lost than he was. I'm not what you would call an emotional fan, but I fill with anxiety during the matches featuring the teams or players I support. 
  Memorable moment:  The relief I felt when Ebdon crossed the finish line against Fu. I stopped watching for a couple of minutes. I didn't even see Ebdon cry. 
 
  Alex Ananstasiou, aged 14, Derby, at The Crucible:  
  High:  Watching Ryan Day chip the ball over the pink made me laugh. And O'Sullivan's 140 was pretty special too. 
  Low:  Ebdon reaching the final. He's too slow. I want to enjoy someone pot balls, not watch someone take half an hour to make a break. 
  Memorable moment:  Watching John Parrott miss an easy pink off the spot. I played John in Derby and I scored 34 against him. He also made a 146 against my mate last November. 
 
  Sonny Varma, from Nottingham, at The Crucible:  
  High:  Ebdon getting through to the final because I'm a big fan of his and he's a nice guy. I don't care that he upset a few people with his tactical play in the first session against Fu. 
   
  Low:  Ronnie not getting through to the final. I was hoping for an Ebdon v O'Sullivan final. It would have been nice to see Ronnie making centuries and giving Peter a good match. Of course, Peter would have won 18-17. 
  Memorable moment:  For me, it was when Shaun Murphy went out at the hands of Ebdon. The fact he was champion, and the fact it was Peter who beat him, made it very memorable. 
 
  Wildsnooker_loopy from the 606 messageboards:  
  High:  Seeing Ebdon play his heart out during the match against Fu. 
  Low:  Ronnie not performing at his best. It was also disappointing to see John Higgins and Hendry go out. 
  Memorable moment:  Watching the surprised look of the young lad who was given a cue by O'Sullivan. It was also nice to see Ebdon clapping Murphy out of arena after beating him. 
 
  Former England cricketer Jack Russell painting The Crucible stage:  
   
  High:  I got a real big kick painting the trophy in my picture. It's just like a little miniature in the bigger picture. I just wanted to get it right, so I was chuffed with the outcome. 
  Low:  It was a shame to see Jimmy go out. I would have loved to have seen him go a long way. He also could have been in the picture I'm painting. 
  Memorable moment:  To watch Ronnie go from one extreme to another. At one stage he was playing like the Rolls-Royce of snooker, then he became frustrated and annoyed. To watch him do that in a short space of time was interesting. 
  