Washington romps to 2,000 Guineas

  Favourite George Washington won the Stan James 2,000 Guineas at Newmarket, the first Classic of the season.  
 The Aidan O'Brien colt, ridden by Kieren Fallon, finished two-and-a-half-lengths clear of 4-1 shot Sir Percy in second. 
 Olympian Odyssey, a 33-1 outsider, was a length and a half back in third. 
 On the back of such a high-class showing, O'Brien may now decide to enter George Washington in next month's Derby, for which Sir Percy is fancied.  
 Fallon settled George Washington out the back in the early stages of the mile contest and waited until past halfway before making a move. 
 George Washington started to quicken on reaching the rising ground and showed seering pace to pull clear of the pack. 
          Sir Percy has got a very big future and he should be OK over the Derby trip      Jockey Martin Dwyer        
 Sir Percy boxed on well under Martin Dwyer but could not get on terms with the impressive winner, while Olympian Odyssey ran a fine race for Barry Hills having made most of the early running. 
 Fallon, who went into the race with an injured foot, said: "I went a bit earlier than I wanted to. He's won so easy. I couldn't sit on him any longer. 
 "He's got an electrifying turn of foot. He's done everything, he's a great horse all right." 
 Fallon, who needed stitches in his injury, decided to ride only in Saturday's big race and in Sunday's 1,000 Guineas, the Classic for fillies. 
 Fallon won both races last year and has a fine chance of a repeat double as he rides 4-1 favourite Rumplestiltskin for O'Brien in the 1,000. 
 Bookmakers William Hill immediately made Sir Percy their new Derby favourite at 4-1 and trainer Marcus Tregoning was quick to nominate Epsom on 3 June as the next big target. 
 "I would agree with the 4-1 for the Derby," he said. "I imagine it would be the plan to go straight to the Derby but I'll have to discuss it with the owners." 
 Dwyer was impressed with the winner but is looking forward to the premier Classic. "George Washington pulled out and quickened by me like an exceptional horse but my horse has got a very big future and he should be OK over the Derby trip." 
 
  Stan James 2,000 Guineas (1m)   1. George Washington (K Fallon) 6-4 Fav  2. Sir Percy (Martin Dwyer) 4-1  3. Olympian Odyssey (JP Spencer) 33-1 
  14 ran  
 
 
 
 
  