FA Cup final on the BBC

   You can follow all the FA Cup final build-up and action with the BBC on Saturday 13 May, wherever you are.  
 Six-time winners Liverpool take on West Ham who are appearing in their first final since winning the famous competition in 1980. 
 So wherever you are, you can:   watch the big game on TV  listen to match commentary on radio and online  get up-to-the minute scores and reports through Ceefax, text on BBCi and your mobile phone 
 
  Television  
 Gary Lineker presents coverage of the 125th FA Cup final, live from Cardiff. 
 Liverpool were the first team to win the Cup at the Millennium Stadium and with next year's final due to be played at the new Wembley they could also be the last. 
 Liverpool will begin as favourites but the Hammers know how to win at the Millennium - 12 months ago they clinched promotion with victory in the play-off final. 
         TV COVERAGE     Liverpool v West Ham Utd   Sat 13 May, 1300 BST, BBC1    FA Cup final highlights   Sat 13 May, 2330 BST, BBC1    FA Cup final repeat   Sun 14 May, 0810 BST, BBC1        
 Gary will be joined in the Match of the Day studio throughout the afternoon by Alan Hansen, Alan Shearer, Ian Wright and Sir Trevor Brooking, plus celebrity fans Phil Jupitus and Jimmy Tarbuck. 
 The pre-match build-up includes interviews with managers Rafael Benitez and Alan Pardew, captains Steven Gerrard and Nigel Reo-Coker and much more. 
 You catch highlights of the big game at 2330 BST on Saturday, or from 0810 BST on Sunday. 
 
  Interactive TV  
 FA Cup coverage is also available on BBCi if you have Freeview, Digital Satellite or Cable television by pressing the red button on your remote control. 
 Viewers will have a choice of commentaries including BBC TV, Radio Five Live, Radio Merseyside and Radio London commentaries. 
 Live highlights will be updated throughout the match. 
 
 
  Radio  
 Listeners can also tune in to Five Live 909 & 693MW to enjoy live coverage from the Millennium Stadium. 
 Mark Pougatch presents Sport on Five on Saturday from 1200 GMT. 
 And Alan Green will be taking your calls on the afternoon's big stories on 606 from 1930 GMT. 
 
  Website/WAP  
 Dedicated in-depth coverage is available on the BBC Sport website at:   
 You'll be able to listen to live commentary of the final on the website.   
 And of course, check out the latest scores, reports, reaction, comment, audio and video from the big game. Then chat about it with fellow fans on our 606 message boards. 
 And remember, you can also get the latest news and score updates on your mobile phone via our WAP site at:   
 
  Ceefax/text on BBCi  
 Keep in touch with all the latest developments from Cardiff via the football section on Ceefax page 302 or the football menu on digital text if you have it. 
 There you will find the latest score plus reports and reaction on the final whistle. 
  