Bonds moves to within one of Ruth

  San Francisco Giants star Barry Bonds struck his 713th home run on Sunday to move within one of Babe Ruth on baseball's all-time list.  
 Bonds, 41, slammed his fifth homer of the season in the sixth inning against Philadelphia Phillies. 
 But it was not enough to prevent the Phillies from recording an eighth successive win with a 9-5 victory. 
 Bonds, who hit a season-record 73 homers in 2001, connected on a 2-1 pitch off Jon Lieber.  
 The ball hit a sign on the facade of the third deck in right field at Citizens Bank Park. 
 "It's the greatest thing... it's awesome," Bonds said afterwards. "I may not show it a lot, but it's overwhelming. 
 "It's a little bit larger than a single-season home run record. It's really big. 
 "Babe Ruth started all of this," Bonds added. "He was in a league of his own. He brought the game to a different level. 
 "He brought people to the stadium. He is a big part of what the game is today." 
 Bonds is now within touching distance of Ruth, who lies second on the all-time list, 42 behind Hank Aaron's major league record of 755. 
 Bonds' big hit followed another solo home run last Tuesday off San Diego Padres' Scott Linebinrk at Giants' AT&T Park, where he will now try to pass Ruth's record in front of his own fans. 
 Bonds hit his 600th homer there in 2002, along with 660 and 661 in April 2004 to tie and pass his godfather Willie Mays for third place on the all-time list. 
 He hit his 700th into McCovey Cove, just outside the stadium beside San Francisco Bay, in September 2004. 
 Bonds has been warmly embraced by Giants supporters but treated coldly on the road since his name was linked to the Balco doping scandal that landed his personal trainer in prison on steroid distribution charges. 
 The seven-time Most Valuable Player has always denied knowingly using banned drugs. 
 But baseball commissioner Bud Selig indicated the extent of how the allegations have clouded Bonds' reputation by confirming that the league would not hold any event to mark the overtaking of Ruth's tally. 
  