Hatton urges fans to be patient

      By Ben Dirs        
   Ricky Hatton has urged his fans to be patient and wait for the superfights ahead of his bout with WBA welterweight champion Luis Collazo on 13 May.  
 Some expected Hatton to meet a bigger name than the 25-year-old American in his US breakthrough fight in Boston. 
 "I'm fighting for my third world title in consecutive fights and if that's not good enough for people I don't know what is," he told BBC Sport. 
 "Those big fights against Floyd Mayweather and Arturo Gatti will come."  
               
 Hatton won his first world title, the IBF light welterweight crown, from Kostya Tszyu last June before wresting the WBA belt from Carlos Maussa in November. 
 The 27-year-old says he is happy with the way his career is progressing and is pleased to be topping the bill against Collazo at Boston Garden. 
 "I'm not disappointed to be fighting Collazo at all," said Manchester's Hatton. 
          I'd be foolish to have my debut in America and fight a Cotto or Mayweather straight away      Ricky Hatton        
 "I fought Tszyu, then went straight on to a unification match with Maussa. Now I'm topping the bill in the States, moving up a weight and challenging a world champion who's a tricky southpaw. 
 "So anybody who has a little bit of a moan is being a bit unfair to me. 
 "I'm sure people wanted me to fight Tszyu, then Maussa, then (former two-weight world champion) Gatti, then (WBO light welterweight champion) Miguel Angel Cotto, then (IBF welterweight champion) Mayweather. 
 "They would have been some good fights to watch - but I wouldn't have been able to remember any of them. 
 "I'd be foolish to have my debut in America and fight a Cotto or Mayweather straight away.           Hatton will go after Gatti next - that would be a big disappointment    From H       
 "If I add a welterweight world title, that gives me more chance making these fights. And I'm not bothered about the weight. 
 "If I get offered Gatti, then great, but if I get offered the winner of (Jose Luis) Castillo-(Diego) Corrales, I'll move back down to 140lb. 
 "I'm more bothered about the name of the fighter and size of the fight. But the fight against Collazo is in the right direction. 
 "I know people want Cotto and Gatti and Mayweather, but I'm just 27 and just hitting my peak." 
 Meanwhile, the status of Hatton's bout with Collazo is still in doubt. 
 Earlier this year, a New York judge ruled Hatton was not allowed to defend his WBA light welterweight crown until further notice. 
 However, he is yet to clarify whether Hatton is barred from fighting for the WBA's 147lb title. 
 Nevertheless, Hatton's promoter Dennis Hobson said he is confident of ironing out the legal differences in time. 
 Hobson said: "We are hoping for a ruling in a few days but the fact is the fight will go ahead whatever happens and Ricky has a tough opponent."  