GB women make final but men fail

      By Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport in Manchester        
   The Great Britain women's wheelchair basketball team clinched a place in the final of the Visa Paralympic World Cup thanks to a 37-25 victory over Spain.  
 Gary Peel's side now face Mexico in Thursday's decider after they defeated China in the other semi-final. 
 But the men's team missed out on a chance to defend the title they won last year after a 71-51 defeat by Paralympic champions Canada. 
 The GB men will now face Sweden in the bronze medal play-off.  
 The Swedes lost 89-49 to Australia, who face Canada for the title. 
 Sally Wager led the GB woman's scorers with eight points while Caroline Matthews hit seven but the coach was delighted with the overall team effort. 
 "I knew we could play better than we did in the pool game," Peel told BBC Sport. 
 "We came into this tournament with very little preparation but as the games have gone on we have grown in confidence and our defence was excellent. 
               
 "The Mexicans beat us by 12 points in the pool games but if we shoot even 5% better than we did against Spain we will put them under pressure and I believe we can win this tournament." 
 Sarah Burrett, who scored six points against Spain, is relishing the chance of a rematch with the Mexicans. 
 "We've improved so much during the week and are now doing very well as a team," said the Hertfordshire player. 
          This is a very young team and the experience of playing against these top teams will put them in good stead for the future      Great Britain men's coach Dave Titmuss        
 "It was a shame to lose against Mexico on Tuesday but we came back and did well to pull it off this time. 
 "The competition has grown from last year and we are looking forward to playing Mexico again." 
 The GB men were never really in contention against Canada, for whom the outstanding Patrick Anderson scored 30 points and grabbed 10 rebounds. 
 Canada led 41-31 at half-time and the presence of Anderson and some tough defence restricted Great Britain after that with Terry Bywater finishing as top-scorer on 14 points. 
 "In terms of the performance, this was much better than the displays we had over the first two days of the competition," said GB coach Dave Titmuss. 
 "This is a very young team and the experience of playing against these top teams will put them in good stead for the future. 
 "Having won the gold last year, we don't want to finish without a medal but Sweden have improved a lot over the past 12 months and it will be tough to beat them again. 
 "But if we put in another good performance I'm confident we can win." 
   Live TV coverage on Sunday Grandstand, BBC2 1330-1730 BST on 7 May   