Rookie Ide axed for European GP

  Super Aguri have dropped driver Yuji Ide for this weekend's European Grand Prix in Germany following advice from motorsport's governing body the FIA.  
 The Japanese rookie was reprimanded by race stewards at Imola two weeks ago after crashing into Christijan Albers. 
 The FIA said that the 31-year-old, who has been replaced by debutant Franck Montagny, needed more experience. 
 "I wish I could have given Yuji more time in the car before the start of the season," said team boss Aguri Suzuki.  
 Ide, a runner-up in last year's Formula Nippon championship, began the season with no previous Formula One experience and barely any testing under his belt. 
 Several top drivers have admitted relief that Ide, who also ran over a mechanic in Bahrain on his debut, has been removed from cockpit duties before the Monaco Grand Prix later this month. 
          "It is interesting to see his lines, sometimes they are different to ours."      Christian Klien assesses Yuji Ide's driving skills        
 
 McLaren's Kimi Raikkonen said: "It could have been a big disaster in Monaco, it is a good thing he has been dropped. 
 "I'm sure he is a nice guy but he was quite slow and he was spinning quite often - you never knew if he was going to spin in front of you." 
 Red Bull's Christian Klien added: "It is interesting to see his lines, sometimes they are different to ours." 
 And BMW-Sauber's Nick Heidfeld doubted Ide's ultimate potential, adding: "I don't think it will change a lot if he does more testing." 
 However, Ide's Imola victim Albers offered some sympathy and said: "Sometimes we are too hard on a guy like that. Maybe we should give him more space." 
 Ide's team boss Aguri Suzuki added: "We have made every effort to ensure that Yuji settled into his new Formula One surroundings and I think that he has coped incredibly well under the circumstances. 
 "With the team being put together so rapidly, we were unable to allow him the proper testing he should have experienced. 
 "We accept the advice offered by the FIA to allow Yuji to accrue the mileage he requires to improve in Formula One during our testing days only. 
 "I will continue to look after Yuji's interests and support his continuing efforts within the team, including his path back to a Formula One race seat."  