GB men clinch basketball bronze

      By Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport in Manchester        
   The Great Britain men's wheelchair basketball team defeated Sweden 51-34 to claim the bronze medal at the Visa Paralympic World Cup.  
 GB, who lost to Canada in Wednesday's semi-finals, led 29-15 at the break before the Swedes scored seven points without reply in the third quarter. 
 But the home side eased to victory with Terry Bywater top-scoring on 21 points and Joe Bestwick hitting 13. 
 Canada won gold, defeating arch-rivals Australia 65-49 to win the men's event.  
 Richard Peter and Patrick Anderson scored 17 points apiece as the Paralympic champions added another gold medal to their collection. 
 GB's player Bywater remained upbeat, despite failing to reach the final. 
          We did make some mistakes so we will look at the videos of the games and work on those elements before the World Championships      GB men's coach Dave Titmuss        "This bronze medal probably means more to me than winning last year," Bywater, who was part of last year's gold-medal winning team, told BBC Sport. 
 "Although it would have been nice to retain our title, we knew it would be tough to retain with some of our key players missing. 
 "We had a couple of players making their international debuts and I think we played superbly as a team which helped us come away with the medal." 
 The victory also pleased coach Dave Titmuss as he prepares for this summer's World Championships in Amsterdam and the 2008 and 2012 Paralympics. 
               "Our defence was definitely the key to beating the Swedes," admitted Titmuss, whose side also beat Sweden in the pool stages. 
 "We were without our big outside shooters and we knew we would struggle in that area so we focused a lot on how we defended. 
 "I wanted to come here and give some of the less experienced members of the squad some court time and we have done that, which is probably the most pleasing aspect of the tournament from my point of view. 
 "We did make some mistakes so we will look at the videos of the games and work on those elements before the World Championships." 
  