Williams taken to limit by Hingis

  Venus Williams battled to a 4-6 7-5 6-4 win over Martina Hingis in Warsaw to reach the last eight of the J&S Cup.  
 The American, already hit by a throat infection, suffered cramps in the final set and could barely move by the end. 
 Swiss star Hingis, the former world number one, came within two points of victory at 5-4 in the second set. 
 But Williams recovered and took the set before cramps struck in the third. She had treatment three times and needed all her power and grit to seal victory.  
 The seventh seed needed physio at 1-1 after dropping her serve, again after breaking to love to lead 2-1, and once more when leading 3-2. 
 When Hingis, like Williams a former world number one, broke her to love to level at 3-3 it appeared as if the American's challenge was over. 
          "I guess I said that prayer just in time. It was just crazy, it was intense - it's definitely a wonderful sign      Venus Williams        
 Barely able to lift off to serve, or to move, she relied on hitting out as hard as she could at any ball that came within reach. 
 Her big forehand had already given Hingis major problems, and there were enough of them in the desperate last stages to prevent her taking control. 
 After an exchange of breaks to 4-4, a forced backhand error gave Williams another break for 5-4 and she served out for the match. 
 "I guess I said that prayer just in time," said Williams. "It was just crazy, it was intense. Even I wouldn't expect that of myself. 
 "Each and every win is nice. This is obviously an amazing moment. It's definitely a wonderful sign, this early in my return." 
 Hingis said: "Being up a set, 5-4, 30-0 she's almost giving it to me, but then she came out fighting and that's what brought her the victory." 
 Hingis's compatriot and second seed Patty Schnyder made a surprise exit at the hands of Ana Ivanovic of Serbia-Montenegro, who beat her 6-3 6-2. 
 Ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova of Slovakia also went out, losing 6-4 6-3 to Russia's Anna Chakvetadze. 
 But Russian fourth seed Svetlana Kuznetsova had an easy passage into the quarter-finals, beating Tsvetana Pironkova of Bulgaria 6-3 6-1.  