Kenny leads British Cup success

      By Elizabeth Hudson  BBC Sport in Manchester        
   British cyclists celebrated five world records during a successful night of competition at the Visa Paralympic World Cup at the Manchester Velodrome.  
 The tandem pair of Anthony Kappes and Barney Storey set marks in the 200m sprint and 1km time trial. 
 Aileen McGlynn and Ellen Hunter set a new kilo record while Paralympic champion Darren Kenny improved his own world best in the CP3 kilo 
 Kenny knocked over a second off the mark he set in Athens in 2004.  
 Kenny also helped the team sprint to a world record, along with Mark Bristow and Paralympic swimmer Jody Cundy, on his international debut. 
 The team finished with seven golds and three silvers with Kenny also claiming gold in the LC3 3,000m pursuit to make it three wins on the night. 
          I really wasn't expecting to break the record      Darren Kenny        
 Kappes, who only broke onto the international scene at last year's event in Manchester, was pleased he and Storey had continued their impressive progress. 
 "We set an unofficial world record in Newport last Wednesday but this is a faster track," he said. 
 "We have practised our time trial technique a lot in training and we know we can go quicker. 
 "We had problems with our front wheel at times during the race but we certainly won't complain about the world record." 
 Bournemouth racer Kenny, admitted he was shocked to have bettered his kilo mark after suffering with a calf injury coming into the event. 
               
 "I really wasn't expecting to break the record and especially not by as much as I did," he said. 
 "Because of the injury, I just tried to do the first lap as fast as I could and then see what happened but I just kept on going. 
 "I consider this my home track and it is where the pain happens during training so it is good to have some reward. 
 "It has been a busy period over the last 10 days with races in Bilbao, Newport and here but it is all focussing on the World Championships later this year." 
 McGlynn and Hunter were relieved to have claimed their world record after seeing the achievements of their team-mates earlier in the session. 
         GB cycling medallists     Gold:  Darren Kenny (LC3/CP3 3,000m pursuit & 1km time trial)  Anthony Kappes & Barney Storey (B&VI 200m tandem sprint & 1km tandem time trial)  Aileen McGlynn & Ellen Hunter (B&VI 1km tandem time trial)  Mark Bristow (LC1 1km time trial)  Team sprint (Darren Kenny, Mark Bristow, Jody Cundy)    Silver:  Rik Waddon (LC2/CP4 1km time trial)  Gary Williams (LC1 3,000m pursuit)        
 "Breaking the kilo record was our target for 2006 and we are delighted to have done it, especially in front of our home supporters," said McGlynn. 
 "We had broken the record during a training session recently but I can't believe we took over half a second off it. 
 "The pressure was on us a bit after what the others have done but I'm relieved with what we have done here." 
 There were also British records in the kilo for Mark Bristow, who won gold in the LC1 section and Rik Waddon, who was second in the CP4 category. 
 Gary Williams also set a British record in the heats of the LC1 3000m pursuit. However, he had to be content with silver in the final. 
 But swimmer-turned-cyclist Sarah Bailey was forced to pull out of the event after a crash while racing in Bilbao last weekend. 
 Bailey broke her collarbone and left hand but is hopeful of being fit for the World Championships. 
  