European GP as it happened

  Positions after 60 of 60 laps:  
 1 M Schumacher (Ferrari) 
 2 Alonso (Renault) 
 3 Massa (Ferrari) 
 4 Raikkonen (McLaren) 
 5 Barrichello (Honda) 
 6 Fisichella (Renault) 
 7 Rosberg (Williams) 
  
  All times BST  
  Lap 60:  Schumacher powers over the line to win the European Grand Prix for the sixth time. The German comes home in 3.7 seconds ahead of Alonso as he captures his 86th career victory. Schumacher's Ferrari team-mate Massa holds on to third for his first-ever podium spot with Raikkonen settling for fourth. 
  Lap 58:  At the front, Schumacher is well ahead of Alonso as he leads by 6.4 seconds. Massa and Raikkonen continue to battle it out for third but the Ferrari man is clinging on to his first podium spot for now. 
  Lap 57:  Montoya confirms engine problems forced him out of the dying stages of the action at the Nurburgring. 
  Lap 56:  Rosberg may be at the tailend of the points but it will represent an impressive performance from the F1 newcomer as he began the race in 24th place for Williams. 
  Lap 54:  Reliability issues are highlighted once again as two drivers pull out of the race in the closing stages. Montoya pulls his McLaren over while Ralf Schumacher's also retires as plumes of exhaust smoke pour out of his Toyota. 
  Lap 51:  There could be more action yet to come in the battle for the minor places as Barrichello, Ralf Schumacher, Fisichella and Rosberg are separated by just over three seconds in places five to eight. 
  Lap 50:  Schumacher will be anticipating a roar of celebration from his German home fans as he stretches his lead at the front to eight seconds. 
  Lap 48:  Montoya comes in to the pits for a second time while the news from the Williams camp is that Rosberg does have to come in for a second stop even though he left it late the first time. 
  Lap 47:  Schumacher leads by 7.1 seconds from Alonso, who seems to have effectively conceded to the seven-time world champion. The Renault driver had to switch to used tyres in his last pit stops and reports say he does not feel they are giving him enough grip to step up the pace again. 
  Lap 46:  Schumacher has clear air between his Ferrari and Alonso in the Renault. The German is seven seconds ahead and the world champion also has Massa in the second Ferrari breathing down his neck. 
  Lap 44:  Raikkonen comes in to the pits to leave Schumacher at the front of the field. Barrichello, Ralf Schumacher and Fisichella, who are vying for the minor places, all come in to the pits too, causing a reshuffle in the order. 
  Lap 42:  While tensions rise at the front, there are still some housekeeping issues to take care of with the tailenders. Takuma Sato, who is one lap behind the leaders, has to bring his Super Aguri in to the pits to repair his upper wing, which is flapping rather untidily from the roof of his car. 
  Lap 41:  Schumacher comes in to the pits for his vital refuelling session and he gets away cleanly to the applause of his Ferrari pit team. His stop was also quicker than Alonso's so the German should have the edge. 
  Lap 40:  Massa comes in to the pits - preceding Schumacher as he did the first time around. 
  Lap 39:  Schumacher must use the time Alonso is out of the race to accrue some vital seconds before he himself has to come in to stop and he delivers a punishing lap at the Nurburgring of 1:32.099. 
  Lap 38:  The Renault pit team ready themselves but who is coming in? It is Alonso and Schumacher takes advantage and lays down a 1:32.420. 
  Lap 36:  As the drivers approach the crucial closing stages of the race, Alonso lays down another fierce lap in 1:32.722. Schumacher crosses the line 1.2 seconds later as he goes faster - 1:32.544. 
  Lap 34:  Nico Rosberg is the last man to come in and finally pick up some fuel in his Williams. 
  Lap 32:  Franck Montagny pulls his Super Aguri out of the race and Button confirms engine failure was the reason behind his disappointing exit. 
  Lap 30:  Things remain tight at the front of the race with Alonso leading Schumacher by just under a second. 
  Lap 29:  Ralf Schumacher brings his Toyota in to the pits but there is bad luck for Jenson Button as he stops on the pit straight with smoke pouring out of his Honda. The Briton reports there was no warning before his car ground to a halt and he waves as he walks away from the track. Christain Klien also retires in his Red Bull. 
  Lap 27:  Montoya brings the second McLaren in. 
  Lap 26:  Giancarlo Fisichella follows suit as he comes in to the Renault garage to take on fuel and he comes in ahead of 11th place. 
  Lap 25:  The first of the Toyota comes in to take on more fuel and it is Jarno Trulli. 
  Lap 23:  Raikkonen comes in to the pit. 
  Lap 21:  It is time for Button to come in and refuel too, meanwhile Raikkonen is emerging as a threat to Alonso and Schumacher's title hopes. The McLaren man is making time as he continues to push forward at the front. 
  Lap 20:  Barrichello comes in to pits but Honda team-mate Button stays out. 
  Lap 18:  Despite pre-race claims he was carrying more fuel than the Renaults, Schumacher comes in for fuel and a set of new tyres. 
  Lap 17:  Alonso pits and so the first of the Ferraris follows suit - but it's Massa. 
  Lap 16:  Schumacher tries to turn up the heat on Alonso as he sets the fastest lap so for in 1:32.794. Over in the pit lane, the Renault team are ready for Alonso to pit. 
  Lap 14:  Alonso stretches ahead of Schumacher to 1:221 seconds. 
  Lap 13:  Webber skids out at a corner and the Williams driver is forced to retire from the race with a transmission failure. It is his third retirement in five Grand Prix and poses another headache for the Cosworth-based outfit. 
  Lap 12:  The gap between Alonso and Schumacher is now 0.774 seconds with Massa 1.859 seconds further back in third. Raikkonen is even further back - over seven seconds - with Button 12 seconds off the pace. 
  Lap nine:  The anticipated duel between Schumacher and Alonso is shaping up now at the Nurburgring. The German takes his turn to set the pace and eats in to Alonso's lead. 
  Lap eight:  Alonso sets another fastest lap of 1:33.210 but he is still not able to shake off Schumacher. Alonso has the pace over the first and final sectors but interestingly the German has been fastest over the middle section. 
  Lap seven:  Alonso picks up the pace a little and significantly moves a second ahead of Schumacher for the first time with a lap time of 1:33.339. 
  Lap five:  Alonso keeps his nose in front of Schumacher but the world champion is not able to get away from the German - and, ominously for Alonso, Schumacher's Ferrari looks faster and stronger too. 
  Lap four:  Kimi Raikkonen takes Jenson Button by surprise to nip past him and into fourth place. 
  Lap three:  The safety car pulls in and the race gets under way once more. Coulthard is forced to retire with steering problems after coming in for two pit stops. Liuzzi is out too. Interestingly, Mark Webber has moved his Williams up from the back of the grid to 12th spot. 
  Lap two:  The safety car comes out following a spin by Vitantonia Liuzzi at the Michelin Curve during his opening lap. The Toro Rosso driver spun at the first corner of the race and hit David Coulthard's Red Bull, damaging his own car. Coulthard has gone to the pits to take on more fuel while Liuzzi remains stranded on the track. 
  1303:  The European Grand Prix gets underway and Alonso noses ahead with the two Ferraris side by side. 
  1300:  The parade lap begins with Michael Schumacher shooting away from the pack as Alonso is a little slow off the mark. Was he sending out a warning to the Spaniard clear ahead of the race itself? 
  1250:  The drivers are making their final preparations on the grid. The furiously flapping flags that line the Nurburgring indicate the wind has definitely picked up since qualifying. 
  1230:  The pit lane has just opened at the German circuit and the cars head out to line up on the grid. 
  1200:  The weather at the Nurburgring is warm and sunny with an hour to go before the start of the race, with no rain forecast for the afternoon. 
 World champion Fernando Alonso and his predecessor Michael Schumacher look set to stage a private battle for victory in the European Grand Prix. 
 The two staged a similar battle in the San Marino GP at Imola two weeks ago, and appear to be turning the world championship into a two-horse race. 
 But McLaren driver Kimi Raikkonen, who has qualified fifth, cannot be discounted in either this race, or over the season as a whole. 
 Rubens Barrichello starts in fourth, having outqualified team-mate Jenson Button for the first time since joining Honda this year. 
 Button had his worst qualifying session of the season on Saturday and lines up sixth, hoping that a new approach by his team will lead to a more competitive race performance. 
 BMW Sauber driver Jacques Villeneuve, who qualified seventh, has been penalised one place on the grid after being found guilty of blocking Renault's Giancarlo Fisichella during qualifying.  