League Two play-off preview

      By Pete Oliver        
   Rochdale manager Steve Parkin believes the League Two season is in for an intriguing conclusion in the play-offs.  
 Grimsby face Lincoln in a derby clash, while the other semi-final sees early leaders Wycombe take on Cheltenham. 
 "It's going to be really exciting as they are four really good teams with different ways of playing and different strengths," Parkin told BBC Sport. 
 "No disrespect to the others - but if Wycombe play to their best, they are capable of beating the other three."  
 Parkin has pitted his wits against all four rival managers during the course of the campaign. 
         PLAY-OFF DATES     13 May:  Lincoln v Grimsby, Wycombe v Cheltenham    16 May  : Grimsby v Lincoln    18 May:  Cheltenham v Wycombe    28 May:  Final        The Dale boss was unable to register a win over any of the four sides in the regular season, despite taking points off three of them. 
 But Wycombe enjoyed two victories over Rochdale, and Parkin believes that if they can rediscover their outstanding form of the opening half of the campaign, they may emerge victorious at the Millennium Stadium on 28 May. 
 "When we played Wycombe they were far and away the best footballing team in the division," he added. 
 "But having said that, form can go out of the window in these play-off games. 
 "Who would have thought Leeds would go to Preston and win? So they will all think they can do it." 
   GRIMSBY (4th)   
  Steve Parkin's verdict:   Grimsby have been in the top three for much of the season - the initial disappointment of not going straight up will have been a blow. 
 But they have the character to get over that, and they are a dangerous team with strength and pace. If they are firing on all cylinders, they are tough to beat. 
 Their game with Lincoln is very tough to call. Whoever gets their noses in front might see it through, so Saturday is a massive game. If Grimsby come away with a good results, they will be in the ascendancy.  
  Play-off record:  
  1997/98 (Division 2)  - Fulham 1-1 Grimsby; Grimsby 1-0 Fulham; Grimsby 1-0 Northampton -  PROMOTED  
   CHELTENHAM (5th)   
  Steve Parkin's verdict:   John Ward has done an outstanding job, and I know he will be confident because he's a friend of mine. To some they might be the underdogs, but they have a fighting chance. 
 They have some very capable players and can mix their game up. It will be another very close encounter against Wycombe. 
 "They both play very good football, and Cheltenham have the best pitch in the division, which makes it an exciting prospect.  
  Play-off record:  
  2001/02 (Division 3)  - Hartlepool 1-1 Cheltenham; Cheltenham 1-1 Hartlepool (Cheltenham won 5-4 on penalties); Cheltenham 3-1 Rushden & Diamonds -  PROMOTED  
   WYCOMBE (6th)   
  Steve Parkin's verdict:   It was a big blow for them to lose Nathan Tyson to Nottingham Forest, as it was for us to lose Grant Holt and Macclesfield with Jon Parkin. They were among the best three or four strikers in the division, along with Ricky Lambert and Karl Hawley. 
 They also had to try and overcome the traumatic loss of (manager) John Gorman's wife, which was very sad. 
 But they have kicked on again. They play attacking football, and if they hit form at the right time they would be difficult for anybody to stop, although they do face a very difficult game against Cheltenham.  
  Play-off record:  
  1993/94 (Division 3)  - Carlisle 0-2 Wycombe; Wycombe 2-1 Carlisle; Wycombe 4-2 Preston -  PROMOTED  
   LINCOLN (7th)   
  Steve Parkin's verdict:   It's going to be very tight, and the fact it's a local derby makes it even more spicy. Presumably, Lincoln will think they have the psychological edge, having beaten Grimsby 5-0 in March. There will be a big crowd, and I know how they can get behind their team. 
 It's been a tremendous achievement to reach the play-offs for a fourth year running. The fact that they haven¿t won one yet might be a sword of Damocles hanging over them, but they will be determined to overcome that. 
 They are a strong set of players who are dangerous from set plays and have a cutting edge. They play a direct kind of football, but with an end result  
  Play-off record:  
  2004/05 (League 2)  - Lincoln 1-0 Macclesfield; Macclesfield 1-1 Lincoln; Lincoln 0-2 Southend   2003/04 (Division 3)  - Lincoln 1-2 Huddersfield; Huddersfield 2-2 Lincoln   2002/03 (Division 3)  - Lincoln 5-3 Scunthorpe; Scunthorpe 0-1 Lincoln; Bournemouth 5-2 Lincoln  