Edwards wraps up West Indies win

   One-day international, Georgetown: West Indies 333-6 (50 overs) bt Zimbabwe 251-7 by 82 runs     
   Fidel Edwards claimed three wickets as West Indies completed an 82-run win in the fourth one-dayer against Zimbabwe.  
 Zimbabwe, chasing 334 to win were restricted to 251-7 to give West Indies a 3-0 lead in the seven-match series. 
 Edward's haul followed half centuries from Shivnarine Chanderpaul, Runako Morton and Brian Lara for the hosts. 
 West Indies also won the first two matches by five wickets and 98 runs in Antigua but the third match scheduled for Saturday was rained off.  
 Lara said West Indies were perfoming better and better but should not become complacent because they will be facing far tougher opposition, India, next month. 
 "I am happier but I still think there are areas which we can work on and I think the guys batted really well in this game," said Lara. 
 "It's unfortunate though that no-one went on to score a hundred and this is something we will have to work on in the remaining matches." 
 Zimbabwe never had a chance once Edwards removed opening batsmen Piet Rinke and skipper Terrence Duffin for ducks in the space of four balls in the first over. 
 Elton Chigumbura and Vusimuzi Sibanda took the opportunity to enhance their reputations with meaningful half-centuries that were the backbone of the visitors' innings before Edwards and Tino Best, respectively, removed them. 
 Chigumbura hit four fours and three sixes in 60 at a run-a-ball and Sibanda supported with nine boundaries in 52 from 73 deliveries. 
 West Indies, choosing to bat on a hard, true pitch under sunny skies, had totalled 333 for six from their allocation of 50 overs. 
 Chanderpaul, playing in his first match on home soil since resigning the West Indies captaincy, won tumultuous applause when he arrived at the wicket and entertained the near capacity crowd with nine fours and three sixes in 93 from 82 balls. 
 Edwards then struck with the first ball of the chase, when he had Rinke comprehensively beaten and bowled for pace, and Duffin caught behind touching a rising ball angled across him. 
 Justice Chibhabha and Brendon Taylor added 55 for the third wicket to settle the nerves of the visitors. 
 They were just beginning to get into the swing of things, when Taylor was adjudged lbw to Dwayne Smith for 26 in the 12th over. 
 This was another setback that Zimbabwe could ill-afford, and though Chibhabha, Chigumbura, and Sibanda all carried the fight to the West Indies attack, the visitors found the target out of their range. 
 
  