Furyk clinches Wachovia play-off

        FINAL LEADERBOARD      US unless stated    -12  J Furyk*, T Immelman (SA)   -11  B Haas, L Glover   -10  V Taylor, J Sindelar, B Van Pelt, S Lowery   Selected others:    -9  R Goosen (SA)  +2  P Mickelson   +3  V Singh (Fij), S Garcia (Sp)  +4  J Rose (GB)  Furyk wins at first play-off hole       Jim Furyk banished memories of his play-off loss a year ago by edging out South Africa's Trevor Immelman to win the Wachovia Championship in Charlotte.  
 The 35-year-old American clinched his 11th PGA Tour title at the first extra hole after the pair had finished regulation play level on 12-under 276. 
 Furyk made an 8ft par putt at the last to complete a one-under-par 71. 
 Immelman, a stroke ahead with one hole remaining, missed his 10-foot attempt there for a closing 70.   
 The South African, chasing his first PGA Tour victory, had charged back into contention with a third-round 66 and appeared to have the tournament within his grasp for most of the final day. 
 He birdied the fifth and seventh before hitting a wedge to within 5ft of the flag at the par-four eighth to pick up his third shot of the day. 
          It's nice to come out and get it done this time      Jim Furyk        
 Two ahead at the turn, Immelman ran up a double-bogey six at the par-four 11th after pushing his drive into the right rough and hitting a tree with his second shot. 
 Australia's Adam Scott finished third at eight under after returning a 71. 
 Two-time US Open Retief Goosen fell back into a tie for 10th at five under, finding water three times at the last on his way to a quintuple-bogey nine and a 77. 
 It was also bitterly disappointing last day for Britain's Justin Rose despite beginning well with birdies at the second and third. 
          It's my best finish on the PGA Tour, andI've got to build on that      Trevor Immelman        
 The Briton eventually slumped to 47th place with an 80 - his worst round since the 81 he had when leading the Masters at Augusta two years ago. 
 Seven others failed to break 80, among them defending champion Vijay Singh, who triple-bogeyed the last hole for an 81. 
 That put him into a tie for 38th with Sergio Garcia, whose 75 means he has still to break par in a final round in America this year. 
 Masters champion Phil Mickelson managed only a 74 and at two over was just one ahead of Singh and Garcia. 
 The leading European was Jesper Parnevik, round in 71 for three under and 14th place. 
  