judge from previous post this use to be a good place 
and the staff act like we be impose on they and they be very rude 
they never bring we complimentary noodle , ignore repeat request for sugar , and throw we dish on the table . 
the food be lousy 
too sweet or too salty and the portion tiny 
after all that , they complain to I about the small tip . 
avoid this place 
the food be always consistently 
saul be the 
and the foie gra terrine with fig be out 
the duck confit be always 
the wine list be interesting 
the wine list be interesting 
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan . 
for the price , you can not eat this well in manhattan . 
with this restaurant 
ask a cart attendant for a 
i have to ask she three time before she finally come back with the dish ive request . 
food be okay 
chow fun be dry 
pork shu maus be more than usually greasy and have to share a table with loud and rude family 
chow fun be dry ; pork shu maus be more than usually greasy and have to share a table with loud and rude family . 
to this place again 
with fish bring up the closing 
service be devine 
oyster where a sensual as they come 
service be devine , oyster where a sensual as they come , and the price can not be beat !!! 
you can not go wrong here . 
to visit restaurant saul on smith 
everything be always cook to perfection , the service be excellent , the decor cool and understate . 
the service be excellent 
the decor cool and understate 
have the duck breast special on my 
can not wait wait for my next visit . 
and i hate to say this but i doubt i 'll ever go back . 
the food be very average 
the thai fusion stuff be a bit too sweet 
the food be very average ... the thai fusion stuff be a bit too sweet , every thing they serve be too sweet here . 
be they grilled chicken special with edamame puree 
never have edamame pureed before but 
never have edamame pureed before but 
and kill you effort to make this place look sleek and modern 
the decor be night tho 
but they really need to clean that vent in the ceiling 
they sake list be extensive 
they sake list be extensive , but we be look for purple haze , which be not list but make for we upon request ! 
the spicy tuna roll be unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura be awesome 
the spicy tuna roll be unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura be awesome 
so the service be great 
love th pink pony 
the perfect spot 
food 
service 
ambiance 
do not judge this place prima facie 
the food be decent 
it be the service that leave a bad taste in my mouth 
which include not let a waiter intimidate I 
i know , you be too busy show off you vintage tee shirt and look bored , but my agenda be i be here to eat and enjoy the company of friend , seek a pleasant experience . 
well , i do not find it there , and trust , i have tell everyone i can think of about my experience . 
the last time i walk by it look pretty empty . hmmm . 
this place have get 
i have a great experience . 
food be great 
service be top 
i have be go back again and again . 
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin 
it melt in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery . 
the sushi seem pretty 
the sushi seem pretty 
the rice to fish ration be also good 
of the half price sushi deal on saturday 
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth . 
ny crowd 
the food be well 
and the service impecable 
i be go back . 
quite simply it be like step out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility . 
the prix fixe menu be worth 
the prix fixe menu be worth 
the prix fixe menu be worth 
i will be go back and heartily recommend it ! 
it be terrific , as be the value . 
it be terrific , as be the value . 
$ 6 and there be much tasty food 
$ 6 and there be much tasty food 
$ 6 and there be much tasty food 
almost all the dish be great 
go hungry and enjoy . 
the food here be rather good 
the food here be rather good , but only if you like to wait for it . 
i like the somosa 
chaus 
and the chole 
but the dhosa and dhal be kinda dissapointing 
but the dhosa and dhal be kinda dissapointing 
the service vary from day to day 
the kitchen however 
specify if you like you food spicy 
the ambience be pretty and nice for conversation 
the ambience be pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best . 
top of view the chart 
that great service and great 
and great food at a 
and great food at a 
the lava cake dessert be incredible 
once you step into cosette 
this tiny restaurant be as cozy as it get 
the food be average to above 
the french onion soup fill yet not overly impressive 
the french onion soup fill yet not overly impressive 
and the dessert not brilliant in any way 
go for the ambience 
and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world 
it be horrible . 
the pizza be deliver 
and the cheese be not even 
it look like shredded cheese partly do - still in strip . 
this have get to be one of the most overrated restaurant in brooklyn . 
the pizza be overprice 
the pizza be overprice 
they use fancy ingredient 
but even fancy ingredient do not make for good pizza unless someone know how to get the crust right 
but even fancy ingredient do not make for good pizza unless someone know how to get the crust right 
a big disappointment , all around . 
the best meal of my 
the seafood be amazing 
there be a good wine list 
change menu always offer some great surprise 
fresh ingredient in the dish be unusual but really delicious 
worth the trip from manhattan . 
best pastrami i ever 
and great portion without be 
have the fried shrimp which be 
have the fried shrimp which be 
but i be just so amaze at this place 
this place be the 
the sign 
the special menu 
food 
and even all the waitstaff be all totally japanese 
this place be worth a one 
i be so come back here again , as much as i can . 
leon be a east village gem : casual but hip 
leon be a east village gem : casual but hip 
good special 
a warm and lively atmosphere 
with well prepared basic french bistro fare 
staff 
decent wine at reasonable 
decent wine at reasonable 
have be dozen of time and never fail to enjoy the experience . 
we teenage kid love it , too . 
i get angry that i do not just go to zucchero pomodorus 
my favorite place in the 
the service be excellent 
the decor be great 
and the food be delicious and come in large portion 
and the food be delicious and come in large portion 
to the gnocchus 
this place be incredibly 
they refuse to seat party of 3 or more on weekend . 
the hostess be rude 
the food be bland 
i just do not understand all the hype ... 
and always have great food 
wine 
and service 
but somehow manage to have a short wait 
a great glass of wine while we 
we get great and fast service 
the people that work 
try this place as often 
a fun restaurant to go 
the pizza be yummy 
like the atmoshpere 
but the pizza be way 
there for lunch and it 
sauce be watery 
and the food do not have 
i do not think i would go again . 
this place be great 
i have a huge group for my birthday and we be well take care of . 
the waitress be very 
and the food be phenomenal 
service be prompt 
slightly on the pricey side but worth it ! 
slightly on the pricey side but worth it ! 
great pizza and fantastic 
and fantastic service 
there be a small wait 
located at the end of a magnificent block . 
very cozy and warm inside ... 
i will be back ! 
this be the best sushi in new york city 
the place be small 
but the food be fantastic 
get the tuna of garus 
i go there usually for the sushi 
the thai food be excellent too 
planet thailand have always be a hit with I 
with the great variety on the menu 
the atmosphere be not the greatest 
the atmosphere be not the greatest , but i suppose that be how they keep the price down . 
about the food 
find the place 
but when we look at the menu 
those roll be big 
those roll be big 
but not good and sashimus be not fresh 
they be dry and disgusting , i do not even finish my first piece . 
hurley 's be like cheer where everyone know you name and they be actually glad you come . 
try the crunchy tuna 
try everything for that matter , it be all good . 
i have be go there since it open and i can not get enough . 
enjoy they garden terrace 
the food be amazing 
and the service be prompt and helpful 
the steak tartare be a great bet 
but the open kitchen be part of the charm 
admittedly some night inside the restaurant be rather warm 
great wine selection 
gigonda be worth the price 
and the house champagne be a great value 
it may be a bit packed on weekend , but the vibe be good and it be the best french food you will find in the area . 
but the vibe be good and it be the best french food you will find in the area 
but the vibe be good and it be the best french food you will find in the area 
have recommend the place to friend 
the crust taste like the best 
the only pizza in nyc that should not have additional topping 
guest to vt 's 
but saul be in a great neighborhood and have great food 
but saul be in a great neighborhood and have great food 
i have be there three time and have always have wonderful experience . 
it provide and intimate setting and nice service 
it provide and intimate setting and nice service 
i would highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provide and intimate setting and nice service . 
i be not sure where the other reviewer eat but it seem as if we visit two different restaurant because my friend and i all enjoy mizu very much 
even after they overcharge I the last time i be there . 
make sure you have the spicy scallop roll 
it be delicious ! 
moule be excellent 
lobster ravioli be very salty 
and the maitre d' be pretty rude 
tell we to sit anywhere , and when we sit he say the table be reserve . 
step on my foot on the second time he reach over I to adjust lighting . 
tiny dessert be $ 8 
tiny dessert be $ 8 
tiny dessert be $ 8 
the drink be always 
make and wine selection be fairly 
try they chef 's special 
service be not exactly five star 
downstairs lounge be always 
raga 's be a romantic 
the exotic food be beautifully 
the exotic food be beautifully 
it be also extremely well price . 
the staff be incredibly 
the bar be very 
with interesting beer and well 
well price wine 
this be one of my favorite restaurant and it be not to be miss . 
you friend will thank you for introduce they to this gem ! 
when we stumble on leon 
the waitress move we table practically into the bathroom and when we ask to cancel we dinner order because we do not want to eat sit on the toilet 
then , to top thing off , she drop use silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and do not stop to apologize or clean the mess that be leave on clothes . 
such a disappointment ... 
rude service 
medicore food 
rude service , medicore food ... there be ton of restaurant in ny ... stay away from this one 
time at jekyll and hyde 
i love everythig about it-especially the show and actor . 
especially the show and actor 
especially the show and actor 
we server be very 
i be bring my whole family back next time . 
the food be good 
the tuna and wasabe 
tuna and wasabe potato be excellent 
the outdoor atmosphere of sit 
inside be a little cramped , but to be expect . 
service be prompt 
this be a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again . 
great service 
great food 
price be in line . 
but too far east ! 
the pizza be delicious 
they use fresh mozzarellum instead of the cheap 
they appetizer selection stink 
also , because it be so thin , it get cold very quickly and its not that fill . 
also , because it be so thin , it get cold very quickly and its not that fill . 
wait staff be blantently 
the best pie on the 
the best salad i have 
fine dining restaurant quality 
over 100 different choice to create you own . 
a must try ! 
a friend and i accidently find this great restaurant on we way to see the pulitzer prize win play doubt 
this be the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to we afternoon of theater . 
this be the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to we afternoon of theater . 
the chicken pot pie be excpetiona 
the cheeseburger huge and delictable 
the cheeseburger huge and delictable 
and the service professional wan warm 
with so many poor experience to be have in the theater district , be truly a excellent find ! 
we will return many time for this oasis in mid-town . 
the staff be no 
the food option rule 
freeze the bagel and they 
visit the 1st ave spot because it 
he serve I a uni hand roll 
the sake menu should not 
all in all , this midtown gem instantly become one of my favorite sushi restaurant in the city . 
try the lobster teriyakus and the 
and the rise special roll 
service be very good 
food be very good as well 
consider that we try the budget selection -lrb- though i wish the pork belly that i order be roasted a bit longer 
wine list selection be good and wine 
good and wine-by-the-glass be generously 
traditional french decour be pleasant though the hall be rather noisy 
traditional french decour be pleasant though the hall be rather noisy 
i have be to at cafe spice probably 5 
to sum it up : service vary from good to mediorce 
seating be always prompt 
food be usually very good 
though ocasionally i wonder about freshmess of raw vegatable in side order 
as many other reviewer notice , you order be often slow to arrive - this be particularly true in the evening but be not a problem during lunch time . 
the decor be vibrant and eye 
please with several semi-private both on the right side of the dining hall 
in the red eye 
and be completely take by the live jazz band and atmosphere 
and be completely take by the live jazz band and atmosphere 
the best meal in nyc 
at the red eye grill 
we would genuinely miss this restaurant 
the restaurant be cute 
the food be a diamond in rough 
the food be delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herb and tomato 
i would highly recommend it . 
it be one of we favorite place to eat in ny . 
at the jekyll and hyde pub last night 
at the bar we sit 
the server be really 
the place 's decor and hide 
decor and hidden bathroom make for 
visit this restaurant and have 
this be a great place to go and eat 
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the jekyll and hyde pub for we anniversary 
the have over 100 different beer to offer thier guest so that make my husband very happy and the food be delicious 
the have over 100 different beer to offer thier guest so that make my husband very happy and the food be delicious 
if i must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelinus 
the entertainment be great 
go and try this place 
you will not be disapoint at all . 
we be not dissappoint in the least bit by this little gem . 
the bagel be huge 
they be serve warm and have a soft fluffy interior . 
load the bagel with cream 
i love it and would highly recommend . 
bart 's and i must say how delicous the food and the service be 
bart 's and i must say how delicous the food and the service be 
i have to highly recommend the lobster roll 
you can tell it be a fresh lobster 
other guest enjoy pizza 
santa fe chop salad and fish and chip 
santa fe chop salad and fish and chip 
bart 's for they food 
the ambience and wonderful service 
the ambience and wonderful service 
all the staff be absolutely 
-lrb- that be a must , but not every restaurant can do ... -rrb- 
there be nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 -lrb- or more -rrb- . 
this restaurant be way 
my chow fun and chow see be really 
okay-i do not mind the oily part -lrb- cause most be cook that way -rrb- but it be way too bland . 
the scallion pancake and fry 
pancake and fry dumpling be nothing 
the service be the 
about this restaurant 
it be bore on the inside , and we sushi be pretty below average ... the tuna be soggy and the other roll have no flavor . 
and we sushi be pretty below average 
the tuna be soggy and the other roll have no flavor 
the tuna be soggy and the other roll have no flavor 
i definitely would not go back . 
they pad penang be delicious 
they pad penang be delicious and everything else be fantastic . 
the price be reasonable although the service be poor . 
although the service be poor 
fresh restaurant be amazing 
food be delicious and of course fresh 
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friend ... 
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friend ... 
i will be go back very soon . 
keep up the good work . 
to the chef 
it be wonderful . 
the salad be delicious 
we have pam 's special fried fish and it 
too large for just two people but nothing be leave . 
too large for just two people but nothing be leave . 
great vibe 
my husband be perfect , my be well do and dry . 
my husband be perfect , my be well do and dry . 
i like the atmosphere so much 
on a hot day it be fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch . 
ambience be so cute and quaint 
ambience be so cute and quaint , good for business although we be there on vacation . 
salad be fantastic 
walnut the salad we get 
ingredient be organic 
we will be back . 
inexpensive sushi 
inexpensive sushi 
the spicy tuna roll be huge 
the spicy tuna roll be huge 
the spicy tuna roll be huge 
the yellowtail be particularly 
i have reservation about the all you can eat deal 
i have reservation about the all you can eat deal 
this be a place i 'll be sure to stop by again when i be in this part of town 
big wong get big 
they have it all -- great price , food , and service . 
they have it all -- great price , food , and service . 
food 
and service 
the atmosphere be noisy 
and the waiter be literally 
the food be prepared quickly and efficiently . 
and it all come at a very reasonable price -lrb- congee , noodle , and rice dish be no more than $ 3-6 each -rrb- . 
and it all come at a very reasonable price -lrb- congee 
noodle 
and rice dish be no more than $ 3 
the takeout be great 
this place be always 
enjoy a very nice caesar salad while my wife have arugulum and goat cheese 
enjoy a very nice caesar salad while my wife have arugulum and goat cheese 
we both opt for a pasta dish and they be serve timely and fresh . 
for a pasta dish and they 
we conclude with tiramisu chocolate cake 
we would go back again 
i recently go to this restaurant with some co 
the staff be accomodate 
the food be absolutely delicious and the place be lovely 
the food be absolutely delicious and the place be lovely 
from the manager who want 
yes , the price be high , but i feel it be worth it . 
yes , the price be high , but i feel it be worth it . 
we all feel it be worth it . 
get good food and ok 
and ok service 
sometimes i get bad food and bad service 
sometimes i get bad food and bad service 
sometimes i get good good and bad service 
sometimes i get good good and bad service 
it be not consistent . 
means : simple dish and wine 
dish and wine serve efficiently 
the place be a bistro which mean : simple dish and wine serve efficiently in a bustling atmosphere . 
a bustling atmosphere 
and where do pati go wrong 
you be not eat haut cuisine with subtle hint of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff . 
you be not eat haut cuisine with subtle hint of whatever but : cassuolet , steake fritte , tripe stew , etc ; simple stuff . 
those term pastis be simply 
with good pizza 
nice cozy place with good 
panchetta -lrb- raddichio be kind 
mine be a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta -lrb- raddichio be kind of bitter though -rrb- . 
get the mushroom pizza which taste 
the sangrium be pretty 
a small place but i 
overall i would recommend it and go back again . 
with a bombay beer which be 
mmmmm ... it be delicious . 
service be slow 
but the people be friendly 
a nice place to relax 
i can not wait to go back . 
the food be authentic italian 
pizza be terrific 
as be homemade pasta 
ambience be delightful 
service impeccable 
for lousy food 
the hanger steak be like 
and the tuna be flavorless 
service be also 
and the ambience be not 
do not try unless you be just go there to hang out like the rest of the hipster who apparently have no sense of taste . 
be one place you have 
because the food and service 
food and service be excellent 
the filet mignon dish be superb 
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choice . 
small cute restaurant 
love this place 
i like the ambience 
the sushi be amazing 
and amazingly cheap . 
big thumb up ! 
and excellent ambient 
very affordable and excellent ambient ! 
order some beef and noodle soup dish from the 
we be very disappointed . 
a good meal 
i think this place be a good hang out spot 
this hop place the other 
the pizza and wine be excellent 
the pizza and wine be excellent 
the service too 
but what really make this place be the backyard dining area 
it be one the nicest outdoor restaurant i have ever see in ny 
they tell I they be go to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i be look forward to go there on a snowy night to enjoy it . 
check this place out 
highly recommend !!!!! 
this place be * not * romantic 
either that , or the editor 's idea of romance must be share a conversation with the next table , while try to speak louder than the traffic on 57th . 
the table be cram way too close 
the menu be typical of any italian restaurant 
and the wine list be simply overprice 
above average wine start at 
above average wine start at 
service be not 
for instance , plate be just dump on the table , i be hand the wine list upside down , etc. ... 
constitute proper service 
the only redeeming factor be the food 
but could not make up for all the other deficiency of teodora 
not one of we meal be edible 
bland and/or make with weird rosemary or orange flavoring 
fish be overdo 
nice wait staff but would never go there again 
cute place 
cute place 
someone else recommend the dessert 
one of we actually like the expresso 
skip this restaurant 
myagus be one of my favorite restaurant in the city 
have bad service and the 
and the fish be fresh 
they tuna tartar appetizer be to 
and i be almost ashamed to say that the pizza in fornino 's blow my family receipy away 
it be simply amazing . 
and the service be prompt 
the place be so 
give this place a try 
you will find yourself return quite often . 
serve great food with great 
with great service in a 
a pleasant atmosphere 
the food speak for itself in its freshness and preparation 
the dining room be quietly elegant with no music to shout over 
the service be impeccable and unobtrusive 
the staff know what they be there to do 
i see a room full of new yorker enjoy a real meal in a real restaurant 
i see a room full of new yorker enjoy a real meal in a real restaurant 
beautiful experience . 
the view be breathtaking the service be top notch 
the view be breathtaking the service be top notch 
the ambiance be wonderfull 
the staff offer impeccable 
i have lobster bisque it have 2 oz 
have the new england chowder it be 
to the lobster bisque 
it be divine melt in you mouth . 
boyfriend have prime rib it be 
get little bottle of korbett it be 
it be cuz it be so good you need to taste it !!! 
all in all we be already come up with excuse to go ahead really soon in the next few wk !!!! 
about the food 
get the chicken vindaloo 
it be very spicy but not offensive . 
we will definitely go back . 
1st class service and terrific 
and terrific food 
the portion be large 
the wine list be excellent 
the food be amazing 
-rrb- of wine from a extensive selection of wine 
especially if you get the chef 's tasting menu and you favourite bottle -lrb- or two 
but the service be excellent and it be great for friend out 
the place be small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded 
the place be small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded 
the food can get 
but the prixe fixe tasting menu be the 
but the prixe fixe tasting menu be the 
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu be the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergy or food you do not like . 
please be aware that it be cash or amex only ! 
the food here be decent 
with the exception of we lemon salad that have so much pepper on it that we eye start water 
the menu be very limited 
grilled branzino 
the decor in this place be very diner 
nothing at prune be particularly 
no plan to return anytime soon . 
this place be so 
such incredible entertainment in a 
we food be great 
really large portion 
the staff be the 
we will go back every time we be in the city . 
than try jekyll and hyde 
it be a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kind of disney type special effect . 
the food be pretty 
with large portion 
i highly recommend it . 
the place be a 
my six year old love it . 
the character really make 
the food however 
it be very overpriced and not very tasty . 
it be very overpriced and not very tasty . 
i think jeckll and hyde t be one of those place that be fun to do once 
we have a good time . 
go there with my wife and we have to wait for a table even though you could see there many that be empty with not reservation sigh on they . 
service be slow 
drink way over 
food be good 
food be good not great not worth the wait or another visit 
great pizza for lunch 
service be quick 
the pizza be great 
and it be quick which be very important . 
it be wonderful . 
mizu will be there with quality fish and great service 
mizu will be there with quality fish and great service 
delivery be fast 
great friendly service 
fast seat 
fast delivery 
excellent sushi 
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite . 
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite . 
town or midtown -rrb- be by far the best bagel in ny 
the bagel always warm 
the bagel always warm 
of they salad be great 
of different cream cheese and all 
the lox be always 
highly recommend to all ! 
with the food 
and unappealing resturant 
and unappealing resturant 
zero ambiance to boot 
think this place be totally 
everything we have be good or ok ... but definitely nothing great . 
the ambience be nice 
but service be not so great 
when you add it all together , it just do not seem worth it to I ... especially consider the price . 
when you add it all together , it just do not seem worth it to I ... especially consider the price . 
this be the best shabu-shabu restaurant in the try 
of the food and the 
and the feel of the 
who love shabu-shabu 
the atmosphere be nothing special 
the owner and staff 
owner and staff be all 
the entire ambiance 
despite a slightly limited menu 
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared be do to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art . 
despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared be do to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art . 
i must give it yon out of yon star ! 
taxan delicious 
we be not ! 
the price be cheap compare to the quality of service and food . 
quality of service and food 
service and food 
we like it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york . 
the location and ambience 
location and ambience be ok 
but the food be what 
there be a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like I . 
try green curry with vegetable 
the quantity be also very good 
the service be ok 
i be there on sit . for my birthday and we have a excellent time . 
the best ravioli ever 
the wine the service 
wine the service be very 
moderate price . 
a little noise but i think that be because of we party ! 
and romantic trattorium be at 
and romantic trattorium be at 
the food be delicious 
the dish be never a disappointment 
from the special to the regular menu 
from the special to the regular menu-fare 
whether it be the parmesean porcinus souffle or the lamb glaze with balsamic vinegar 
whether it be the parmesean porcinus souffle or the lamb glaze with balsamic vinegar 
the candle-light 
food 
quality and service overcompensate 
although the table may be closely situate 
a guaranteeed delight ! 
emilio -lrb- the godfather -rrb- have continue to serve food and wine for the god at mortal price 
emilio -lrb- the godfather -rrb- have continue to serve food and wine for the god at mortal price 
emilio -lrb- the godfather -rrb- have continue to serve food and wine for the god at mortal price 
emilio -lrb- the godfather -rrb- have continue to serve food and wine for the god at mortal price 
try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce 
the mozzarellum en carozza be mmmmmmmm 
if you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarellum en carozza be mmmmmmmm ... everything be just delicious . 
the secret back room 
i pray it stay open forever . 
thank you emilio 
i find the food 
service and value exceptional everytime i have be there 
i find the food , service and value exceptional everytime i have be there . 
the food be authentic 
i feel as though i be eat in paris . 
the service be excellent 
the price be wonderfully low . 
very good wine choice 
the best pizza in nyc 
get the pepperoni 
and a family style salad 
great staff 
always great service 
i go twice a month ! 
fantastic ! 
the food be good 
but the staff be so 
the hostess and the 
and the waitress be incredibly 
but the waitress basically through 
this place be pricey 
the food be worth it 
but the service make you feel like you should be pay a quater of the price 
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one ! 
amma be nothing 
find most dish average at 
find most dish average at 
will not be back . 
do not dine at tamarind for the vegetarian dish 
they be simply not up to par with the non-veg selection 
decor be nice 
nice though service can be 
this place be always 
food be excellent 
try the sea bass 
highly recommend . 
of all dal bukhara rock 
do the food be awsome 
just awsome . 
all the kabab 
and yes dal bukhara be so 
but overall i give it a 10 
10 
haru on park s be simply 
the fish be not 
and the rice taste old 
this be some of the worst sushi i have ever try 
will never be back . 
the worst sushi my husband 
why this restaurant would be 
the all-u-can-eat sushi be definitely 
limited menu 
fresh ingredient 
sliced fish 
apart rice 
the only thing u could really taste be the very salty soy sauce -lrb- even its low sodium -rrb- 
soaked rice 
the waitstaff be nice 
wont come back again for sure ! 
be to roth 's twice and 
both time i be extremely dissappointed by the service 
they wouldnt even let I finish my glass of wine before offer another . 
much of the time it seem like they do not care about you . 
the dinner be ok 
i have they egg benedict for brunch 
this be a great surprise . 
a delicious meal in a 
a beautiful room 
with the theater 2 block away we have a delicious meal in a beautiful room . 
the service be attentive 
i look forward to eat here again 
planet thaus be great 
we love the food 
drink 
and atmosphere 
the svc can be a bit rude at time 
but overall the restaurant be a must 
try the pad thai 
try the pad thaus , it be fabulous and they price be so cheap ! 
just because it be cheap do not mean the portion be small or the food be nasty 
just because it be cheap do not mean the portion be small or the food be nasty 
just because it be cheap do not mean the portion be small or the food be nasty , it be great ! 
they forget a sandwich , do not include plastic fork , and do not include pita with the hummus platter . 
the sandwich -lrb- near $ 7 -rrb- do not come with anything like chip or a side 
the sandwich -lrb- near $ 7 -rrb- do not come with anything like chip or a side 
overall , not worth the money . 
overall , not worth the money . 
the atmosphere save it 
eat in , the atmosphere save it , but at you desk , it be a very disappointing experience . 
chennaus garden be my 
have authentic indian at amazin 
have authentic indian at amazin 
there be no meat dish whatsoever 
the seat be uncomfortable 
and busy restaurant and it 
and busy restaurant and it 
a nice cigar bar and have 
have great staff 
the food be tasty 
tasty and portion size be appropriate 
a nice restaurant if you 
a great place for family 
lloovve this place 
food be excellent 
fish be so 
waitstaff be very 
love yuka 
really good seafood 
mermaid inn be a 
the menu be limit 
of the dish be excellent 
the lobster sandwich be good 
and the spaghetti with scallop and shrimp be great 
the service be good 
good and ambience be good 
on this restaurant be the 
even though its good seafood 
even though its good seafood , the price be too high . 
the lobster sandwich be $ 24 
the lobster sandwich be $ 24 
we be very pleasantly surprised . 
the food be delicious -lrb- i have a halibut special 
the food be delicious -lrb- i have a halibut special 
my husband have steak -rrb- 
and the service be top 
but because the waiter must have see I open my birthday card and gift 
a attentive waiter 
recommend the restaurant base on 
with the food 
in the food 
they do not concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money . 
please do not fool we . 
i recommend the jelly fish 
drunken chicken and the soupy dumpling 
drunken chicken and the soupy dumpling 
certainly the stir fry blue crab 
the food be so 
and the waiter be nice 
of course , it be crowd but who care . 
authentic shanghaus style and i can not recommend a better shanghaus place in new york . 
and the food remain excellent 
cheese plate be a 
cheese plate be a 
cheese plate be a 
the large selection of bruschetta 
panini 
tramezzini keep the palate from stagnate 
-lrb- the asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta be a winner 
wine list be extensive without be over 
wine list be extensive without be over 
special 
definitely a neighborhood favorite . 
love this place 
because the atmosphere be so 
the food be very good 
the food be very good 
and the place its self be great 
the wait staff be very freindly 
it be jsut that the people who work there be evil and incompetent 
i like cafe noir dont get I wrong 
the service be terrible 
the waitress 
after dinner the manager grab my boyfriend 
i guess the model / waitress just want more and complain to the manager 
the whole set up be truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff 
the whole set up be truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good staff 
pizza here be 
salad be a 
on the calamarus 
it be thick and slightly soggy . 
decor be charming 
service be average 
a great place 
the ambience be so fun 
the ambience be so fun , and the price be great , on top of the fact that the food be really tasty . 
on top of the fact that the food be really tasty 
i be not thrill to have to wait on line for thirty minute , but i guess that be the price you pay for a popular place . 
you like thai cuisine 
the worst customer service experience at 
a gentleman 
when ask about how a certain dish be prepare in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurant , he reply this be not mcdonald 's , every place make thing differently 
while it be understandable that every place be indeed different , there be not a need to be uncourteous to customer and downright rude . 
never again ! 
love this place 
excellent atmosphere 
delicious dish good and friendly service 
delicious dish good and friendly service 
this be can become on e of the ny italian food fare institution . 
i think that it be absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation . 
the wine list be also 
everything be wonderful ; food , drink , staff , mileau . 
food 
drink 
staff 
mileau 
recommend this place 
be to casimir over 5 
the food be great 
the food be great 
the hostess do not have my name 
try to snag a outside table 
the staff have be nice 
but they seem really stressed and the unisex bathroom need to be clean more often 
my boyfriend and i go there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say be that it be magnificent . 
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff 
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff 
the waitstaff do not rush we at all and make we feel comfortable and relax 
top grade caviar and fantastic 
and fantastic service 
own traditional restaurant 
fresh ingredient and everything 
fresh ingredient and everything be make to order . 
i be pleasantly surprise to find this gem in hoboken . 
friendly staff that actually 
i find the food to be outstanding 
particulary the salmon dish i have 
i also order the change mojito 
but we come back the follow day to try the dim sum 
we eat out in the back patio 
which be worth it as it be cool and the music be hear well there 
excellent restaurant 
the food be good 
the place be nice 
but the service be a 
the buffet have a 
the food be average 
surprising tasty dish 
service be also 
i would go back . 
piece of cheesecake and we 
other nice pastry 
but not for they food 
i would recommend roxy 's for that , but not for they food . 
both want cheeseburger and they 
but , they be too big for the bun . 
they burger fall apart in they hand and make such a mess that they do ` nt feel like finish they 
also they be $ 15 each ! 
a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll 
it be $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it do not have much taste-i have have better for less elsewhere ! 
it be $ 14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it do not have much taste-i have have better for less elsewhere ! 
the food 
this place be really trendi but they have forget about the most important part of a restaurant 
the last two time i order from here my food be soo spicy that i could barely eat it 
and the spice take away from the flavor of the dish 
and the tom kha soup be pathetic 
good authentic thaus this place 
and i be thoroughly impressed with the food 
the pesto pizza be excellent 
crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy italian cheese that i would never hear of before 
conveniently located too , be right on bedford ave. 
the back garden sit area be very pleasant 
i will definetly be go back . 
have the lobster sandwich and it 
my husband say he could have eat several more , the portion be fine for I he even exclaim that the french fries be the best he have have . 
the portion be fine for I he even exclaim that the french fries be the best he have have 
the portion be fine for I he even exclaim that the french fries be the best he have have 
have the scallop as a 
and the sauce be wonderful 
and have martini that be 
we will be back . 
love the food 
yummy authentic japanese comfort food 
and you can not beat the price . 
highly recommend . 
and this place have it 
great food 
good size menu 
great service and a unpretensious setting 
great service and a unpretensious setting 
the dish offer be unique 
very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausage 
sardine with biscuit 
large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -lrb- the best and freshest i have ever have -rrb- 
large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream -lrb- the best and freshest i have ever have -rrb- 
to this place and this 
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery . 
the freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery . 
and the fastest delivery 
also very inexpensive . 
a great choice at any cost and a great deal . 
a great choice at any cost and a great deal . 
the service be excellent 
and the food be delicious 
we be very particular about sushi and be both please with every choice which include : ceviche mix -lrb- special -rrb- 
we be very particular about sushi and be both please with every choice which include : ceviche mix -lrb- special -rrb- 
crab dumpling 
assorted sashimus 
sushi and roll 
sushi and roll 
two type of sake 
and the banana tempura 
a great spot for a 
average to good thai food 
but terrible delivery 
i have wait over one hour for food . 
they be very abrupt with I when i call and actually claim the food be late because they be out of rice . 
a thai restaurant out of 
the food arrive 20 minute after i call 
the food arrive 20 minute after i call , cold and soggy . 
a wonderful place on all 
a wonderful place on all 
a excellent service 
by the waiter who be 
she be very helpful in suggest we drink and help we in order a lot of good dish since we know nothing about indian food . 
of good dish since we 
the food look very 
by have gulab jamun -lrb- dessert -rrb- recommend by 
I this restaurant and will 
service here be great 
food be fantastic 
guacamole + shrimp appetizer be really great 
we both have the filet 
do not much like the frite that come with 
will absolutely visit again . 
with this place 
the food be outstanding and the service be quick 
the food be outstanding and the service be quick 
always a nice crowd 
always a nice crowd , but never loud . 
go here . 
good for date or with friend . 
of a pizza place to become 
however , it be jus too good to not praise it . 
the best pizza in manhattan 
the crust be thin 
the ingredient be fresh and the staff be friendly 
the ingredient be fresh and the staff be friendly 
the menu have so 
the fish be really 
agree that mare be one 
this great pizzeria as i 
of the pizza be terrific 
all of the pizza be terrific and the price be even better ! 
recommend the sophium pizza 
it be to die for ! 
the food be mediocre 
the horrible service that make 
the waiter take the money and say 
so rush we out be absolutely unnecessary ! 
for the people who want great food plus great service 
for the people who want great food plus great service 
the first time the sushi be outstanding 
the first time the sushi be outstanding 
i be sure i 'll return for a final judgement tho . 
the blond wood decor be very soothing 
the premium sake be excellent and the service be great 
the premium sake be excellent and the service be great 
mizu be the 
while they kitchen food be delicious 
they sushi be out of this world 
and unique roll not to 
not only be the cuisine the best around 
the service have always be attentive and charming 
visit to mizu 
thalium be a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serve you 
but the food do not quite match up 
thalium be a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serve you 
order the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it 
the entree be bland and small 
the entree be bland and small 
dessert be not inspire 
a expensive menu 
a expensive menu 
the view be spectacular 
and the food be great 
wonderful strawberry daiquiry as well 
definitely worth the trip to battery park city ! 
one of my favorite place in manhattan . 
authentic taiwanese food that be cheap 
authentic taiwanese food that be cheap 
-lrb- besides that there should be more restaurant like it around the city -rrb- . 
the cold appetizer dish taste like 
delicious simple food in nice 
delicious simple food in nice 
in nice outdoor atmosphere 
attentive wait staff 
i really like both the scallop and the mahus mahus -lrb- on saffron risotto 
i really like both the scallop and the mahus mahus -lrb- on saffron risotto 
devour she chicken and mashed potato 
delicious crab cake too 
the garden be a great place to sit outside and relax 
even if the food be not this good 
great neighborhood joint 
with good selection of thin crust pizza include the 
with good selection of thin crust pizza include the 
a nice pizza place with good 
include the basil slice 
they calzone be horrific 
they smell like they stuff they with old canned vegetable like the spinach mushroom calzone . 
the counter service be bad 
they charge different price all the time . 
they be rude at time , and not very friendly . 
no pizza 33 for I 
anybody who like this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless be complimentary . 
the dosa be skimpy 
the dosa be skimpy 
the sandwich be dry 
the sandwich be dry 
call the place hampton chutney co 
but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerk there be a dearth of the former too 
but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerk there be a dearth of the former too 
this place kick ass 
the atmosphere be unheralded 
the service impecible 
and the food magnificant 
best italian food i ever have -lrb- and be italian 
it be nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , do not pass it up . 
peaceful place to eat outside 
the restaurant look out 
it be set far from the small street it be on , and there be no traffic noise . 
the food be good 
especially they more basic dish 
and the drink be delicious 
this be a great place to take out 
great sushi experience 
nice value . 
unique apppetizer 
try sushimus cucumber roll 
good spread 
great beverage selection and bagel really tasty 
great beverage selection and bagel really tasty 
the big complaint : no toasting available . 
murray will not do it . 
anything about service 
so close , but not good enough . 
do not be fool by crowd of people . 
the service be awful 
this place be not 
this place be not 
also , do not plan on ask for you favorite roll , if it be not on the menu , you can not have it . 
love pizza 33 
they pizza 
it hit the spot every time 
this tiny williamsburg spot be always 
the pizza be delicious 
and the proprietor be one 
i have be many time and have never be disappoint . 
they even scoop it out nice -lrb- for those on a diet -rrb- not too much not to little . 
the cream cheese be out 
love that coffee 
a little crowded but they move that line really fast ! 
a little crowded but they move that line really fast ! 
a little pricey but it really hit the spot on a sunday morning ! 
a little pricey but it really hit the spot on a sunday morning ! 
bagel be ok 
bagel be ok , but be sure not to make any special request ! 
and the manager basically tell 
be sure not to get anything other than bagel ! . . 
other than bagel 
the turkey burger be scary 
the worst excuse for japanese food i have ever encounter . 
the soup for the udon be soy 
the sushi be awful 
the rice be poor 
the rice have no seasoning 
so the sushi be bland and disgusting 
the fish be adequate 
experience with japanese cuisine 
fast service 
i would highly recommend . 
food be great 
food be great 
the location be perfect 
give it a try and enjoy . 
this place be so ghetto its not even funny 
100 dollar bottle minimun then 
like you music blast and 
would never go back there . 
awsome pizza especially the 
especially the margheritta slice 
always busy but fast moving . 
great atmoshere and worth 
great atmoshere and worth every bit . 
open late -lrb- well as late as i ever get there and i be a night person -rrb- 
and she staff be the 
winnie and she 
the food be reliable 
the food be reliable and the price be moderate . 
what more can you ask for ? 
for authentic thai food 
try the pad thai 
or sample anything on the appetizer menu 
about this restaurant be special 
the service be attentive 
the flavor robust and subtle . 
the brioche and lolly as party 
i be save up for my next visit . 
the place be quiet 
service be good 
good and food be wonderful 
try they salmon and crab 
salmon and crab salad -lrb- they be 
a good spot for snack 
i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year lucky strike have be the best lay 
the wait staff be pleasant 
the food be yummy 
perfection mussel in spicy tomato sauce and they shoestring crispy fries 
perfection mussel in spicy tomato sauce and they shoestring crispy fries 
but the best part about l be the late night atmosphere 
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass -lrb- that be about 2 1/2 drink -rrb- for $ 8 
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass -lrb- that be about 2 1/2 drink -rrb- for $ 8 
you can get a completely delish martini in a glass -lrb- that be about 2 1/2 drink -rrb- for $ 8 
50 -lrb- i recommend the vanilla shanty 
-rrb- in a great homey setting with great music 
-rrb- in a great homey setting with great music 
the in-house lady dj on saturday night have outrageously good taste in music 
with this place 
suan be a 
its location be good and the fact that hutner college be near and they price be very reasonable 
make student go back to suan again and again 
love they thaus 
noodle with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice be the 
back to suan soon 
eat outside on a terrace -lrb- another great feature of suan -rrb- 
a friendlier staff work in 
imagine better indian food in all 
i can not imagine you not rush out to eat there . 
the chef and staff change and it be not for the better 
the chef and staff change and it be not for the better 
i wish they would change back to what it be before . 
the food now be 
kind of place you would like 
the setting be casual 
price be very good . 
the food be excellent 
try the balsamic vinegar over icecream 
do not get the go go hamburger 
they be such a rip-off -lrb- $ 8.95 for four small meat patty in steamed bun -rrb- and not worth try . 
they be such a rip-off -lrb- $ 8.95 for four small meat patty in steamed bun -rrb- and not worth try . 
they be such a rip-off -lrb- $ 8.95 for four small meat patty in steamed bun -rrb- and not worth try . 
the rest of the dim sum 
the rest of the dim sum 
steam fresh so bring hot hot hot to you table . 
the wait here be long for dim sum 
but if you do not like share table or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere be not you gig 
the wait here be long for dim sum , but if you do not like share table or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere be not you gig , this be a sleek -lrb- for chinatown -rrb- alternative . 
a few tip : skip the turnip cake 
roast pork bun and egg custard 
roast pork bun and egg custard 
these be overpriced and you can get better just around the corner : 
these be overpriced and you can get better just around the corner : 
i be pleasantly suprised . 
the food be exceptional 
the braise lamb shank in red wine 
the service be friendly 
and the atmosphere be casual 
a great meal 
the restaurant be a 
a cute interior decor and affordable 
this little place have a 
the pad se ew chicken be delicious 
however the pad thaus be far too oily 
have eat at ginger house several time 
the fried dumpling be great 
a reliable chinese restaurant 
actually understand customer service 
they be not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date roll around you will not only regret chose this place , but also become hostile ! 
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answer about anything and in the end , not one person take responsibility for anything . 
terrible management 
terrible , terrible management - deserve to be shut-down . 
never fail to please . 
delicious bagel 
spread and topping be great 
spread and topping be great 
spread and topping be great 
spread and topping be great 
service be fast 
only drawback - they will not toast you bagel , and they do not make egg for the bagel . 
but that be highly forgivable . 
the food be decent at best 
and the ambience 
if celebrity make you sweat , then you in for a ride , but if you like most around these part then you 'll just yawn and wonder what with all the hype . 
rao be a good restaurant 
spice grill be the only place i be eat indian cuisine 
try the shrimp appetizer 
even my indian friend could not believe how good and tasty everything be . 
the correct ambience and a 
a excellent staff to make 
great food 
great food , great price , great service . 
great service 
cheap eat 
cheap eat 
a amanzing indian food 
that be the cheff give to 
also it be great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place 
the service it be just perfect 
they bagel be fine 
great bagel make the old 
great bagel make the old 
drawback : service be slow 
the food be absolutely 
the baked clam octopus we share 
the lamb be tender so full of flavor 
the dessert be divine 
the waiter be attentive 
the place itself be 
beautiful the bar scene seem to 
prixe fix : appetizer be ok 
waiter give I poor suggestion 
try the potato stuff kanish best one 
i have salmon -lrb- wasnt impress -rrb- girlfriend have chicken 
i have salmon -lrb- wasnt impress -rrb- girlfriend have chicken 
small serving for main entree 
dessert be a joke 
everyone get treat the same and you can not ask for more than that when the service be this friendly 
the restaurant have a family feel 
not least with regard to the portion which be enormous 
the veal alone could have single 
the anti-pasta be excellent 
especially the calamarus 
as be the fill pasta main 
as be the fill pasta main 
the wine list be extensive 
reasonably price meal 
still , any quibble about the bill be off-set by the pour-your-own measure of liquer which be courtesey of the house ... 
own measure of liquer which be courtesey of the house 
fantastic place 
cute and decorative . 
a pleasant surprise . 
go there to relax and feel like you somewhere else . 
lucky strike be a 
great food 
great decor 
great service 
i recommend it ! 
this be the perfect spot for meeting friend 
for the seasonal beer 
guarantee to be a tasty experience ! -rrb- 
excellent spot for holiday get together with co 
at the heartland brewery for over 
all the people that i bring there go back on they own and bring they friend ! 
go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ... 
a great place 
gimmick theme restaurant 
a cool bar with great food 
a cool bar with great food 
and ton of excellent beer 
and ton of excellent beer 
and even with it be pub atmosphere they be great to my kid too ! 
love it ! 
the shrimp scampi be excellent 
and the antipasto be plentiful 
it be expensive but well worth the money . 
it be expensive but well worth the money . 
drive to corona 
than the food -lrb- which be 
be the service 
thing the waiter do not do 
wonderful at holiday time . 
cozy romantic atomosphere with only 
service be very 
food be very good 
go here for a romantic dinner but not for a all out wow dining experience . 
go here for a romantic dinner but not for a all out wow dining experience . 
my friend from milan and myself be pleasantly surprise when we arrive and everyone speak italian . 
bad the food be not of 
the porcinus mushroom pasta special be tasteless 
so be the seafood tagliatelle 
a real dissapointment . 
cake : a tiramisu that resemble 
they should have call it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name imply . 
price at upper intermediate range . 
like this place 
everything i have be good , and i be a eater . 
it be pretty inexpensive too . 
chinese style bbq rib in the 
chinese style bbq rib in the 
recommend the rice dish or the 
variety of congee -lrb- rice porridge -rrb- 
it be great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend . 
not a place to go 
if you want great food at a great price and do not mind the decor 
if you want great food at a great price and do not mind the decor 
if you want great food at a great price and do not mind the decor 
and friendly service 
this be one of the best comfort food place in the city . 
it be somewhere you can eat and be happy . 
when you be sit in they main dining room -lrb- which have a spectacular 
paint high ceiling -rrb- you would never know there be a world outside 
the food be wonderful 
the food be wonderful 
and the service be professional and friendly 
when they serve outside on they gigantic patio 
recently try suan and i 
lot of food for you 
this little place definitely exceed 
lot of food for you 
the service be fast 
and the food be very 
the best hot sauce to add 
i have to say that i be pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i be in the neighborhood . 
they all know you . 
good food 
good drink 
how do you rate home ? 
never have cheescake like this 
i think i have die and go to heaven . 
great spot 
great spot 
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer month . 
and terrific outdoor seating in the 
the food be great 
selecion of wine at reasonable 
selecion of wine at reasonable 
have be several time and it never dissapoint . 
we be less than impressed . 
while the ambiance and atmosphere be great 
while the ambiance and atmosphere be great 
the food and service could have be a lot better 
the food and service could have be a lot better 
we order the chicken casserole 
we order the chicken casserole 
probably would not go again ... 
i have be to sapphire twice and both time the food be fine 
stick with the chicken 
beef 
and lamb dish 
service be friendly 
service be friendly , and never have a problem walk in and get a table . 
skip dessert 
best reuben sandwich ever 
a classic ! 
do not miss bloom 's on you 
and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on we next trip to new york 
thanks bloom 's for a 
the food be not fresh 
the sauce be bland and very oily 
it just be not thai . 
be surprisingly disappointed . 
pizza be a 
ravioli be good 
ravioli be good ... but i have to say that i find everything a bit overpriced . 
not enough wine by the glass either 
service 
and i like the setting/atmosphere a lot 
food be just average 
food be just average ... if they lower the price just a bit , it would be a bigger draw . 
this place be a 
authentic pakistani food 
people be always 
good food 
good food 
faan be sooo 
the best pad thai i have ever 
the design and atmosphere 
design and atmosphere be just 
bottle of wine be cheap 
bottle of wine be cheap 
what more could you want ? 
the food be actually 
i be not picky - but it be actually gross . 
the mussle be the fishiest thing i have ever taste 
the seabass be bland 
the goat cheese salad be miss the goat cheese 
the penne w / chicken have bone in it 
the mussle be the fishiest thing i have ever taste , the seabass be bland , the goat cheese salad be miss the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken have bone in it ... it be disgust . 
nice atmosphere 
the service be very pleasant and the desert be good 
the service be very pleasant and the desert be good 
would not recomend it for dinner ! 
this be the perfect date spot for williamsburg couple . 
the jukebox play everything 
the food be amazing 
rich pasta and fresh doughy pizza 
rich pasta and fresh doughy pizza 
best of all be the warm vibe 
the owner be super friendly and service be fast 
the owner be super friendly and service be fast 
if only they deliver , they would make a mint ! 
for the drink 
the drink be amazing 
the drink be amazing 
ask for usha 
be the sassy lassus 
try some rotus roll 
very simple unda -lrb- egg -rrb- roll 
delicate spice 
onion 
egg and a kick 
ass rotus 
amazing ! 
toon have recently be redone 
the food 's as 
in a area sadly lack in decent thai food 
nice decor 
good service 
but the food be surprisingly excellent 
the portion be huge 
can not wait to go back . 
best drumstick over rice and sour 
rice and sour spicy soup in town 
beef noodle soup be good 
the service be good 
and the resturant be clean 
best taiwanese food in ny 
be to rao 's probably 15 
for those that go once and do not enjoy it , all i can say be that they just do not get it . 
the best service and atmosphere 
service and atmosphere in nyc 
good luck get a table . 
love this place 
they have outdoor seating 
indoor be very 
the portion size here be huge 
and the sushi be good 
staff be very 
excellent dumpling serve amid clean 
chic decor 
i get the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo 
but $ 1 for each small piece ??? 
not worth it . 
i will not go back unless someone else be foot the bill . 
the decor be very 
the food be delicious 
the food be delicious 
the portion be small 
that the food be so 
have the crabmeat lasagna which be 
and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert 
the staff there be 
i love it and would go again . 
great indian food and the 
and the service be incredible 
the owner truly cater 
when family come in he give they app to test they palet , and then order for they . 
everyone be more then happy with he choice . 
great food and the 
great food and the price be very reasonable . 
the food here do a great service to the name -lrb- cantonese that be 
with the egg noodle in the beef broth with shrimp dumpling and slice of bbq roast pork 
this dish be my 
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh 
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh 
good tasting chinese food at incredible 
good tasting chinese food at incredible 
service be not 
big wong be a 
whoever the jazz duo be 
good music 
great food 
speedy service affordable price 
good music , great food , speedy service affordable price . 
even the wine by the glass be good 
its a little out of the way if you do not live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you be . 
its a little out of the way if you do not live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you be . 
consistently good japanese tapa 
always good drink and service 
drink and service be pretty 
atmosphere be nice 
a great place to meet 
yakitorus -lrb- bbq meat -rrb- be tasty 
slice low quality fish 
unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that look like he be miserable then this be you place 
unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that look like he be miserable then this be you place 
quality of fish alone will 
quality of fish alone will 
price and quality of fish alone will keep we from make a return visit . 
while sit at the sushi bar dining we watch the chef accidentally drop a piece of unagus on the floor and upon retrieve it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he be prepare 
no thanks !!! 
this place 
fabulous decor 
very very good food 
very very good food 
generally friendly staff 
rice avenue will make you feel at home 
rice avenue will make you feel at home 
rice avenue will make you feel at home 
and the waiter spill red 
we be then shoo inside . 
we get a snobby waiter would not even take we order for 15 minute and give we lip when we ask he to do so 
we leave , never to return . 
i do not need overpriced food 
absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do not recognize they work at a glorified diner 
clumsy service 
and management that do not care 
with the service and i 
think the food be overate 
think the food be overate 
the food be okay 
the food be okay and the price here be mediocre . 
have solid food and a 
a nice decor at reasonable 
baluchus 's have solid 
that the manager be a 
offer subpar service and have 
in fact , it appear he be go to go postal at any moment . 
such lousy service 
relatively good nigirus 
you can do it here . 
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be 
i go to areo on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriend 
most of the server be very attentive 
the vibe be very relax and cozy 
service be great and the food be excellent 
service be great and the food be excellent 
I and my girl will definitely go back . 
food be good 
and the view of the new york city skiline be terrific 
request a table by the window 
question the service be good 
relax to place to eat 
the food be great 
personal pan be the 
i heartily recommend . 
the delivery guy have major attitude 
such dramatic delivery guy -lrb- a lot 
love the scene first off 
the place have a character and nice light to it 
location wise 
the pizza be pretty 
the pizza be pretty 
the price very reasonable . 
we be 4 and get the family size penne a la vodka which be tremendously gigantic portion 
i would say that all be fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach somet that i can not not mention or undermine . 
the pasta penne be pretty extra buttery 
the pasta penne be pretty extra buttery 
la rosa waltz in 
good wine 
service fine 
fun decor 
interesting selection 
i love it . 
i plan on stop by next week as well . 
the perfect spot to warm up 
recieve prompt service with a 
to I it exemplify soho , cute , artsy , interesting . 
definately check it out !!! 
this place blow I away 
the wine list be extensive 
love the atmosphere 
the mussel be fantastic and so be the dessert 
the mussel be fantastic and so be the dessert 
the mussel be fantastic and so be the dessert ... definitely go to be back very soon . 
about the service and the 
the great staff at la 
over the year the host 
and he crew 
the most fantastic dining garden 
i have also be amaze at all the new addition in the past few year : a new jazz bar 
the best thin crust pizza 
and now a lasagna menu which be to die for -lrb- these be not you average lasagna -rrb- 
love this place 
keep up the good work guy ! 
a disapoint meal here 
the yummy dumpling from the 
luckily we save room for the bbq salmon 
sea bass and crispy duck 
sea bass and crispy duck 
