judging from previous posts this used to be a good  place 
 and the  staff  acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude
they never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
the  food  was lousy 
 too sweet or too salty and the  portions  tiny
after all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
avoid this place 
 the  food  is always consistently
 saul is the 
and the foie gras terrine with figs was out 
the duck confit is always 
the wine list is interesting 
the wine list is interesting 
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.
for the price, you cannot eat this well in manhattan.
with this restaurant 
asked a cart attendant for a 
i had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish ive requested.
 food  was okay
 chow fun  was dry
  pork shu mai  was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family
chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family.
to this place again 
 with  fish  bringing up the closing
 service  was devine
  oysters  where a sensual as they come
service was devine, oysters where a sensual as they come, and the price can't be beat!!!
you can't go wrong here.
to visit restaurant saul on smith 
everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
 the  service  is excellent
 the  decor  cool and understated
had the duck breast special on my 
can't wait wait for my next visit.
and i hate to say this but i doubt i'll ever go back.
the  food  is very average
the  thai fusion stuff  is a bit too sweet
the food is very average...the thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
was their grilled chicken special with edamame puree 
never had edamame pureed before but 
never had edamame pureed before but 
 and kills your effort to make this  place  look sleek and modern
the  decor  is night tho
but they really need to clean that  vent  in the ceiling
their  sake list  was extensive
their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for purple haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
the  spicy tuna roll  was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome
the spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the  rock shrimp tempura  was awesome
so the service was great 
love th pink pony 
the perfect spot 
 food 
 service 
 ambiance 
don't judge this  place  prima facie
the food is decent 
 it's the  service  that leaves a bad taste in my mouth
 which includes not letting a  waiter  intimidate me
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience.
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
this place has got 
i had a great experience.
 food is great 
 service is top 
i have been going back again and again.
i tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its  sea urchin 
it melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
the sushi seemed pretty 
the sushi seemed pretty 
the  rice to fish ration  was also good
of the half price sushi deal on saturday 
surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
 ny  crowd
the food was well 
and the service impecable 
i'm going back.
quite simply it's like stepping out of manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
the prix fixe menu is worth 
the prix fixe menu is worth 
the prix fixe menu is worth 
i will be going back and heartily recommend it!
it is terrific, as is the value.
it is terrific, as is the value.
$6 and there is much tasty  food 
$6 and there is much tasty  food 
$6 and there is much tasty  food 
 almost all the  dishes  were great
go hungry and enjoy.
the  food  here is rather good
the food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
i like the  somosas 
  chai 
 and the  chole 
 but the  dhosas  and dhal were kinda dissapointing
 but the dhosas and  dhal  were kinda dissapointing
the  service  varys from day to day
the  kitchen  however
 specify if you like your  food  spicy
the  ambience  is pretty and nice for conversation
the ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
top of view the chart 
that great service and great 
and great food at a 
and great food at a 
the lava cake dessert was incredible 
once you step into  cosette 
this tiny  restaurant  is as cozy as it gets
the  food  was average to above
 the  french onion soup  filling yet not overly impressive
 the  french onion soup  filling yet not overly impressive
 and the  desserts  not brilliant in any way
 go for the  ambience 
 and consider the  food  just a companion for a trip across the world
it was horrible.
the pizza was delivered 
and the cheese wasn't even 
it looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
this has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in brooklyn.
the pizza is overpriced 
the pizza is overpriced 
 they use fancy  ingredients 
 but even fancy ingredients don't make for good  pizza  unless someone knows how to get the crust right
 but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the  crust  right
a big disappointment, all around.
the best meals of my 
the  seafood  is amazing
 there's a good  wine list 
changing  menu  always offers some great surprises
fresh  ingredients  in the dishes are unusual but really delicious
worth the trip from manhattan.
best pastrami i ever 
and great portion without being 
had the fried shrimp which are 
had the fried shrimp which are 
 but i was just so amazed at this  place
this place is the 
the  signs 
 the  specials menus 
  food 
 and even all the  waitstaff  are all totally japanese
this  place  is worth an one
i am so coming back here again, as much as i can.
 leon  is an east village gem: casual but hip
 leon  is an east village gem: casual but hip
 good  specials 
 a warm and lively  atmosphere
 with well prepared basic  french bistro fare 
  staff 
decent wine at reasonable 
decent wine at reasonable 
have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
our teenage kids love it, too.
 i get angry that i didn't just go to  zucchero pomodori
my favorite place in the 
the  service  is excellent
 the  decor  is great
 and the  food  is delicious and comes in large portions
 and the food is delicious and comes in large  portions
to the gnocchi 
this place is incredibly 
they refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends.
the hostess is rude 
the food was bland 
i just don't understand all the hype...
 and always have great  food 
  wine 
 and  service
 but somehow managed to have a short  wait
a great glass of wine while we 
 we got great and fast  service
the people that work 
try this place as often 
a fun restaurant to go 
the pizza is yummy 
like the atmoshpere 
but the pizza is way 
there for lunch and it 
 sauce was watery 
and the food didn't have 
i don't think i would go again.
this place is great 
i had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
the waitress was very 
and the food is phenomenal 
 service  was prompt
slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
great pizza and fantastic 
and fantastic service 
there was a small  wait 
located at the end of a magnificent block.
very cozy and warm inside.....
i will be back!
this is the best  sushi  in new york city 
the place is small 
but the food is fantastic 
get the tuna of gari 
 i go there usually for the  sushi 
 the  thai food  is excellent too 
 planet thailand  has always been a hit with me 
with the great variety on the  menu  
the  atmosphere  isn't the greatest 
the atmosphere isn't the greatest , but i suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
about the food 
find the place 
but when we looked at the  menu 
those  rolls  were big
those  rolls  were big
 but not good and  sashimi  wasn't fresh
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
hurley's is like cheers where everyone knows your name and they are actually glad you came.
try the  crunchy tuna 
try everything for that matter, it is all good.
i have been going there since it opened and i can't get enough.
enjoy their garden terrace 
the  food  was amazing
 and the  service  was prompt and helpful
the  steak tartare  is a great bet
 but the  open kitchen  is part of the charm
admittedly some nights inside the  restaurant  were rather warm
great  wine selection 
  gigondas  is worth the price
 and the  house champagne  is a great value
it may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area.
 but the  vibe  is good and it is the best french food you will find in the area
 but the vibe is good and it is the best  french food  you will find in the area
have recommended the  place  to friends
 the  crust  tastes like the best
 the only  pizza  in nyc that should not have additional toppings 
guests to vt's 
 but saul is in a great  neighborhood  and has great food
 but saul is in a great neighborhood and has great  food
i've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
 it provides and intimate  setting  and nice service
 it provides and intimate setting and nice  service
i'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
i'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and i all enjoy  mizu  very much
even after they overcharged me the last time i was there.
make sure you have the  spicy scallop roll 
it's delicious!
 moules  were excellent
  lobster ravioli  was very salty
 and the  maitre d'  was pretty rude
told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
stepped on my foot on the second time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
tiny  dessert  was $8
tiny  dessert  was $8
tiny  dessert  was $8
the drinks are always 
made and wine selection is fairly 
try their  chef's specials 
 service  is not exactly five star
 downstairs lounge is always 
 raga's  is a romantic
the exotic food is beautifully 
the exotic food is beautifully 
it is also extremely well priced.
the staff is incredibly 
the bar is very 
with interesting beers and well 
well priced wines 
this is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
when we stumbled on  leon 
the  waitress  moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet
then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes.
such a disappointment...
rude  service 
 medicore  food 
rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in ny...stay away from this one
time at jekyll and hyde 
i loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors.
especially the  shows  and actors
especially the shows and  actors
our server was very 
i am bringing my whole family back next time.
the food was good 
the tuna and wasabe 
tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent 
the outdoor atmosphere of sitting 
inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
 service was prompt 
this was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
great  service 
 great  food
prices are in line.
but too far east!
the  pizza  is delicious 
 they use  fresh mozzarella  instead of the cheap
 their  appetizer selection  stinks
also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
 wait staff is blantently 
the best pie on the 
the best salad i have 
fine dining restaurant quality 
over 100 different choices to create your own.
a must try!
 a friend and i accidently found this great  restaurant  on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play doubt
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
this was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
the  chicken pot pie  is excpetiona
 the  cheeseburger  huge and delictable
 the  cheeseburger  huge and delictable
 and the  service  professional wan warm
with so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
we will return many times for this oasis in mid-town.
the staff is no 
the food options rule 
freeze the bagels and they 
visiting the 1st ave spot because it 
he served me an  uni hand roll 
the sake menu should not 
all in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
try the lobster teriyaki and the 
and the rose special roll 
 service  was very good 
 food  was very good as well
 considering that we tried the budget selection (though i wish the  pork belly  that i ordered was roasted a bit longer
 wine list selection  is good and wine
good and wine-by-the-glass was generously 
 traditional french decour  was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy 
traditional french decour was pleasant though the  hall  was rather noisy 
i've been to at  cafe spice  probably 5
to sum it up:  service  varies from good to mediorce
 seating  is always prompt
 food  is usually very good
 though ocasionally i wondered about freshmess of  raw vegatables in side orders
as many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
the  decor  is vibrant and eye
pleasing with several  semi-private boths  on the right side of the dining hall
in the red eye 
 and was completely taken by the  live jazz band  and atmosphere
 and was completely taken by the live jazz band and  atmosphere 
the best meal in nyc 
at the red eye grill 
 we would genuinely miss this  restaurant
the restaurant is cute 
the  food  is a diamond in rough 
 the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect  balance of herbs and tomatoes
i would highly recommend it.
it's one of our favorite places to eat in ny.
at the jekyll and hyde pub last night 
at the bar we sat 
the server was really 
the place's decor and hidden 
decor and hidden bathrooms made for 
visiting this restaurant and having 
 this is a great  place  to go and eat
my husband and i thougt it would be great to go to the  jekyll and hyde pub  for our anniversary
the have over 100 different  beers  to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious
the have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the  food  was delicious
 if i must recommend a dish it must be the  pumkin tortelini
the entertainment was great 
 go and try this  place
you will not be disapointed at all.
we were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
the bagel was huge 
they were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
load the bagel with cream 
i loved it and would highly recommend.
 bart's and i must say how delicous the  food  and the service was
 bart's and i must say how delicous the food and the  service  was
i have to highly recommend the  lobster roll  
 you can tell it was a fresh  lobster
other guests enjoyed  pizza 
  santa fe chopped salad  and fish and chips
 santa fe chopped salad and  fish and chips
 bart's for their  food 
 the  ambience  and wonderful service
 the ambience and wonderful  service
all the staff is absolutely 
(that is a must, but not every restaurant can do...)
there's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
this restaurant was way 
my chow fun and chow see was really 
okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
the scallion pancakes and fried 
pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing 
the service was the 
about this restaurant 
it's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
 and our  sushi  was pretty below average
 the  tuna  was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor
 the tuna was soggy and the other  rolls  had no flavor
i definitely wouldn't go back.
their pad penang is delicious 
their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic.
the price is reasonable although the service is poor.
although the service is poor 
 fresh restaurant  was amazing
  food  was delicious and of course fresh
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
i will be going back very soon.
keep up the good work.
to the chef 
it was wonderful.
the  salads  are delicious
we had pam's special fried fish and it 
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
great  vibe 
my husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
my husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
 i liked the  atmosphere  so much
on a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
 ambience  is so cute and quaint
ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
 salads were fantastic 
walnuts the salads we got 
 ingredients are organic 
we will be back.
 inexpensive  sushi
 inexpensive  sushi
the spicy tuna roll is huge 
the spicy tuna roll is huge 
the spicy tuna roll is huge 
the yellowtail was particularly 
i have reservations about the  all you can eat deal 
i have reservations about the  all you can eat deal 
 this is a  place  i'll be sure to stop by again when i'm in this part of town
 big wong gets big 
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.
they have it all -- great price, food, and service.
  food 
 and  service
the atmosphere is noisy 
and the waiters are literally 
the food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
and it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
and it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee 
  noodles 
 and  rice dishes  are no more than $3
the takeout is great 
this place is always 
enjoyed a very nice  caesar salad  while my wife had arugula and goat cheese
enjoyed a very nice caesar salad while my wife had  arugula and goat cheese 
we both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
for a pasta dish and they 
we concluded with  tiramisu chocolate cake 
we'd go back again
i recently went to this  restaurant  with some co
the  staff  was accomodating
 the  food  was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely
 the food was absolutely delicious and the  place  is lovely
from the manager who wanted 
yes, the prices are high, but i felt it was worth it.
yes, the prices are high, but i felt it was worth it.
we all felt it was worth it.
get good food and ok 
and ok service 
sometimes i get bad  food  and bad service
sometimes i get bad food and bad  service 
 sometimes i get good good and bad  service
 sometimes i get good  good  and bad service
it is not consistent.
means: simple dishes and wine 
dishes and wine served efficiently 
the place is a bistro which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
a bustling atmosphere 
and where does  patis  go wrong
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: cassuolet, steake fritte, tripe stew, etc; simple stuff.
you are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: cassuolet, steake fritte, tripe stew, etc; simple stuff.
those terms pastis is simply 
with good pizza 
nice cozy place with good 
panchetta ( raddichio was kind 
mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
got the mushroom pizza which tasted 
the sangria was pretty 
a small place but i 
overall i would recommend it and go back again.
with a bombay beer which was 
mmmmm... it was delicious.
 service  was slow
 but the  people  were friendly
a nice place to relax 
i can't wait to go back.
the  food  is authentic italian 
 pizza  is terrific
 as is  homemade pasta
 ambience  is delightful
  service  impeccable
for lousy food 
the hanger steak was like 
and the tuna was flavorless 
 service was also 
and the ambience is not 
do not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
is one place you have 
because the food and service 
food and service was excellent 
the filet mignon dish was superb 
i would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
small cute restaurant 
love this place 
i like the  ambience 
the sushi is amazing 
and amazingly cheap.
big thumbs up!
and excellent ambient 
very affordable and excellent ambient!
ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the 
we were very disappointed.
a good meal 
 i think this  place  is a good hang out spot
this hopping place the other 
the  pizza  and wine were excellent
the pizza and  wine  were excellent
the  service  too
but what really made this place was the  backyard dining area
it is one the nicest  outdoor restaurants  i have ever seen in ny
they tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
check this place out 
highly recommended!!!!!
 this  place  is *not* romantic
either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
the  tables  are crammed way too close
 the  menu  is typical of any italian restaurant
 and the  wine list  is simply overpriced
above average wines start at 
above average wines start at 
 service is not 
for instance, plates were just dumped on the table, i was handed the wine list upside down, etc....
constitute proper service 
 the only redeeming factor was the  food 
 but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of  teodora
not one of our  meals  was edible 
 bland and/or made with weird  rosemary or orange flavoring
 fish was overdone 
 nice  wait staff  but would never go there again
cute  place 
cute  place 
someone else recommended the  dessert  
one of us actually liked the  expresso  
skip this  restaurant 
 myagi  is one of my favorite restaurants in the city
had bad service and the 
and the fish is fresh 
their tuna tartar appetizer is to 
 and i'm almost ashamed to say that the  pizza  in fornino's blows my families receipies away
it is simply amazing.
and the service is prompt 
the place is so 
give this place a try 
you will find yourself returning quite often.
serve great food with great 
with great service in a 
a pleasant atmosphere 
 the  food  speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation
the  dining room  is quietly elegant with no music to shout over 
the  service  was impeccable and unobtrusive 
 the  staff  knows what they are there to do 
 i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real  meal  in a real restaurant
 i saw a room full of new yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real  restaurant 
beautiful experience.
the  view  is breathtaking the service is top notch
the view is breathtaking the  service  is top notch
 the  ambiance  is wonderfull
the staff offers impeccable 
i had  lobster bisque  it has 2 oz
had the new england chowder it was 
to the lobster bisque 
it was divine melts in your mouth.
boyfriend had prime rib it was 
got little bottles of korbett it was 
it's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!!
all in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
about the food 
get the chicken vindaloo 
it's very spicy but not offensive.
we will definitely go back.
1st class service and terrific 
and terrific food 
the portions are large 
the wine list is excellent 
the  food  is amazing
) of wine from an extensive  selection of wines
 especially if you get the  chef's tasting menu  and your favourite bottle (or two
 but the  service  is excellent and it's great for friends out
the  place  is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded
the  place  is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded
the food can get 
but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the 
but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the 
the food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
please be aware that it's cash or amex only!
 the  food  here was decent
with the exception of our  lemon salad  that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering
the  menu  is very limited 
  grilled branzino 
the  decor  in this place is very diner
nothing at prune is particularly 
no plans to return anytime soon.
this place is so 
such incredible entertainment in a 
our food was great 
really large portions 
the staff was the 
we will go back every time we are in the city.
than try jekyll and hyde 
it is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of disney type special effects.
the food was pretty 
with large portions 
i highly recommend it.
the place is a 
my six year old loved it.
the characters really make 
the  food  however
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.
it is very overpriced and not very tasty.
 i think  jeckll and hydes  t is one of those places that is fun to do once
we had a good time.
went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
 service was slow 
 drinks way over 
 food was good 
food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
great pizza for lunch 
 service was quick 
the pizza was great 
and it was quick which is very important.
it was wonderful.
 mizu will be there with quality  fish  and great service
 mizu will be there with quality fish and great  service
 delivery is fast 
great friendly  service 
 fast  seating 
 fast  delivery 
 excellent  sushi
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
a little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
town or midtown) is by far the best  bagel  in ny
the  bagels  always warm
the  bagels  always warm
of their salads are great 
of different cream cheeses and all 
the lox is always 
highly recommended to all!
with the food 
and unappealing resturant 
and unappealing resturant 
zero ambiance to boot 
thought this place was totally 
everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
the  ambience  was nice
 but  service  wasn't so great
when you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
when you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
this is the best  shabu-shabu restaurant  in the try
of the food and the 
and the feel of the 
who loves shabu-shabu 
the  atmosphere  is nothing special
the owner and staff 
owner and staff are all 
the entire ambiance 
despite a slightly limited  menu 
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
i must give it yon out of yon stars!
 taxan delicious 
we weren't!
the prices were cheap compared to the quality of service and food.
quality of service and food 
service and food 
we liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit new york.
the location and ambience 
location and ambience is ok 
but the food is what 
there is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
try green curry with vegetables 
the  quantity  is also very good
the  service  is ok
i was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
the best ravioli ever 
the wine the service 
wine the service was very 
moderate prices.
a little noise but i think that was because of our party!
and romantic trattoria is at 
and romantic trattoria is at 
the  food  is delicious 
 the  dishes  are never a disappointment
 from the  specials  to the regular menu
 from the specials to the  regular menu-fare 
whether it's the  parmesean porcini souffle  or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar
whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the  lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar 
 the  candle-light 
  food 
quality and  service  overcompensate
although the  tables  may be closely situated
a guaranteeed delight!
 emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve  food  and wine for the gods at mortal prices
 emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and  wine  for the gods at mortal prices
 emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve  food  and wine for the gods at mortal prices
 emilio(the godfather) has continued to serve food and  wine  for the gods at mortal prices
 try the  marinara/arrabiatta sauce 
 the  mozzarella en carozza  is mmmmmmmm
if you go, try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce, the mozzarella en carozza is mmmmmmmm..... everything is just delicious.
the secret back room 
i pray it stays open forever.
thank you emilio 
i found the  food 
  service  and value exceptional everytime i have been there
i found the food, service and value exceptional everytime i have been there.
the food was authentic 
i felt as though i were eating in paris.
the  service  was excellent 
the prices are wonderfully low.
very good wine choices 
the best pizza in nyc 
get the  pepperoni  
 and a  family style salad
great staff 
always great service 
i go twice a month!
fantastic!
the  food  is good
but the staff was so 
the hostess and the 
and the waitress were incredibly 
but the waitress basically through 
this  place  is pricey
 the  food  is worth it
 but the  service  makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price
save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
 amma is nothing 
found most dishes average at 
found most dishes average at 
will not be back.
don't dine at tamarind for the  vegetarian dishes 
 they are simply not up to par with the  non-veg selections
 decor is nice 
nice though service can be 
this place is always 
  food  is excellent
try the sea bass 
highly recommended.
of all dal bukhara rocks 
did the food was awsome 
just awsome.
all the kababs 
and yes dal bukhara is so 
but overall i give it a 10
10
 haru on park s is simply 
the fish was not 
and the rice tasted old 
 this is some of the worst  sushi  i have ever tried
will never be back.
the worst sushi my husband 
why this restaurant would be 
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely 
limited  menu 
fresh  ingredients 
sliced  fish 
apart  rice
the only things u could really taste are the very salty  soy sauce  (even its low sodium)
soaked  rice 
the waitstaffs are nice 
wont come back again for sure!
been to roth's twice and 
both times i was extremely dissappointed by the  service 
they wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another.
much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
the  dinner  was ok
i had their  eggs benedict  for brunch
this was a great surprise.
a delicious meal in a 
a beautiful room 
with the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
the service was attentive 
i look forward to eating here again
 planet thai is great 
we love the  food 
  drinks 
 and  atmosphere
the  svc  can be a bit rude at times
 but overall the  restaurant  is a must
try the  pad thai 
try the pad thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
just because it's cheap does not mean the  portions  are small or the food is nasty
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the  food  is nasty
just because it's cheap does not mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, it is great!
they forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
 the  sandwiches  (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side
 the  sandwiches  (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side
overall, not worth the money.
overall, not worth the money.
 the  atmosphere  saves it
eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
 chennai garden is my 
have authentic indian at amazin 
have authentic indian at amazin 
 there are no  meat dishes  whatsoever
the seats are uncomfortable 
and busy restaurant and it 
and busy restaurant and it 
a nice cigar bar and has 
has great staff 
the food is tasty 
tasty and portion sizes are appropriate 
a nice restaurant if you 
a great place for family 
lloovve this place 
 food is excellent 
 fish is so 
 waitstaff are very 
love yuka 
really good seafood 
 mermaid inn is an 
the menu is limited 
of the dishes are excellent 
the lobster sandwich is good 
and the spaghetti with scallops and shrimp is great 
the service is good 
good and ambience is good 
on this restaurant is the 
even though its good  seafood 
even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
the lobster sandwich is $24 
the lobster sandwich is $24 
we were very pleasantly surprised.
the  food  was delicious (i had a halibut special
the food was delicious (i had a  halibut special 
 my husband had  steak )
 and the  service  was top
 but because the  waiter  must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift
an attentive waiter 
recommend the restaurant based on 
with the foods 
in the foods 
they don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
please don't fool us.
i recommend the  jelly fish 
  drunken chicken  and the soupy dumplings
 drunken chicken and the  soupy dumplings 
 certainly the  stir fry blue crab
the food is so 
and the waiters are nice 
of course, it is crowded but who cares.
authentic shanghai style and i cannot recommend a better shanghai place in new york.
and the food remains excellent 
 cheese plate is a 
 cheese plate is a 
 cheese plate is a 
the large selection of  bruschettas 
  paninis 
  tramezzinis  keep the palate from stagnating
(the  asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta  is a winner
 wine list  is extensive without being over
 wine list  is extensive without being over
  specials
definitely a neighborhood favorite.
loved this place 
because the atmosphere was so 
the  food  was very good
the  food  was very good
 and the  place  its self was great
the  wait staff  is very freindly
 it is jsut that the  people  who work there are evil and incompetent
i like  cafe noir  dont get me wrong
the  service  was terrible
the  waitress 
after dinner the  manager  grabbed my boyfriend
 i guess the model/ waitress  just wanted more and complained to the manager
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish cafe noir would get some good  staff 
the whole set up is truly unprofessional and i wish  cafe noir  would get some good staff
 pizza here is 
 salads are a 
on the calamari 
it is thick and slightly soggy.
 decor is charming 
 service is average 
a great place 
the  ambience  was so fun
the ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
 on top of the fact that the  food  was really tasty
i wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but i guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
you like thai cuisine 
the worst customer service experience at 
a  gentleman 
when asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not mcdonald's, every place makes things differently
while it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
never again!
loved this place 
excellent  atmosphere 
 delicious  dishes  good and friendly service
 delicious dishes good and friendly  service
this is can became on e of the ny italian food fare institutions.
i think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
the wine list is also 
everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
  food 
  drinks 
  staff 
  mileau
recommend this place 
been to casimir over 5 
the food is great 
the food is great 
 the  hostess  didn't have my name
 try to snag an  outside table
the  staff  has been nice
 but they seemed really stressed and the  unisex bathroom  needs to be cleaned more often
my boyfriend and i went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all i can say is that it was magnificent.
from the spectacular  caviar  to the hospitable waitstaff
from the spectacular caviar to the hospitable  waitstaff 
 the  waitstaff  did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed
top grade caviar and fantastic 
and fantastic service 
owned traditional restaurant 
fresh ingredients and everything 
fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
i was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in hoboken.
friendly staff that actually 
i found the  food  to be outstanding
 particulary the  salmon dish  i had
i also ordered the  change mojito 
 but we came back the following day to try the  dim sum 
we ate out in the  back patio 
 which is worth it as it's cool and the  music  is hear well there
 excellent  restaurant
the food was good 
the place was nice 
but the service was a 
the buffet had a 
the food was average 
surprising tasty dishes 
 service was also 
i would go back.
piece of cheesecake and we 
other nice pastries 
 but not for their  food
i would recommend roxy's for that, but not for their food.
both wanted cheeseburgers and they 
but, they were too big for the bun.
 their  burgers  fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them
also they were $15 each!
a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll 
it was $14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-i've had better for less elsewhere!
it was $14 not really bad for a pound of pastrami-but it didn't have much taste-i've had better for less elsewhere!
 the  food
this  place  is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant
the last two times i ordered from here my  food  was soo spicy that  i could barely eat it
 and the  spice  took away from the flavor of the dish
and the tom kha soup was pathetic 
good authentic thai this place 
 and i was thoroughly impressed with the  food
the  pesto pizza  was excellent
crust pizza with a nice amount of  spicy italian cheese  that i'd never heard of before
conveniently located too, being right on bedford ave.
the  back garden sitting area  is very pleasant
i will definetly be going back.
had the lobster sandwich and it 
my husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
 the  portion  was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had
 the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the  french fries  were the best he has had
had the scallops as an 
and the sauce was wonderful 
and had martinis that were 
we will be back.
love the food 
yummy authentic japanese comfort food 
and you can't beat the prices.
highly recommended.
and this place has it 
great  food 
 good size  menu 
 great  service  and an unpretensious setting
 great service and an unpretensious  setting
the  dishes  offered were unique
 very tasty and fresh from the  lamb sausages 
  sardines with biscuits 
  large whole shrimp  to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest i've ever had)
 large whole shrimp to the amazing  pistachio ice cream  (the best and freshest i've ever had)
to this place and this 
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
the freshest, best variety, and the fastest delivery.
 and the fastest  delivery
also very inexpensive.
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.
a great choice at any cost and a great deal.
the service was excellent 
and the food was delicious 
we are very particular about  sushi  and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special)
we are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included:  ceviche mix (special) 
  crab dumplings 
  assorted sashimi 
  sushi  and rolls
 sushi and  rolls 
  two types of sake 
 and the  banana tempura
a great spot for a 
average to good  thai food 
 but terrible  delivery
i've waited over one hour for food.
they were very abrupt with me when i called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
a thai restaurant out of 
the  food  arrived 20 minutes after i called
the food arrived 20 minutes after i called, cold and soggy.
a wonderful place on all 
a wonderful place on all 
an excellent service 
by the waiter who was 
she was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about indian food.
of good dishes since we 
the food looked very 
by having gulab jamun (dessert) recommended by 
me this restaurant and will 
 service  here was great
  food  was fantastic
 guacamole+shrimp appetizer  was really great
 we both had the  filet 
 didn't much like the  frites  that came with
will absolutely visit again.
with this place 
the  food  is outstanding and the service is quick
the food is outstanding and the  service  is quick
always a nice  crowd 
always a nice crowd, but never loud.
go here.
good for dates or with friends.
of a pizza place to become 
however, it is jus too good to not praise it.
 the best  pizza  in manhattan
the  crust  is thin
 the ingredients are fresh and the  staff  is friendly
 the  ingredients  are fresh and the staff is friendly
the menu has so 
the  fish  was really
agreed that mare is one 
this great pizzeria as i 
of the pizzas are terrific 
all of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
recommend the sophia pizza 
it's to die for!
the food was mediocre 
the horrible service that made 
 the  waiter  took the money and said
so rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
for the people who want great  food  plus great service
for the people who want great food plus great  service 
the first time the  sushi  was outstanding
the first time the  sushi  was outstanding
i'm sure i'll return for a final judgement tho.
the  blond wood decor  is very soothing
 the  premium sake  is excellent and the service is great
 the premium sake is excellent and the  service  is great
 mizu is the 
while their  kitchen food  is delicious
 their  sushi  is out of this world
and unique rolls not to 
not only is the  cuisine  the best around
 the  service  has always been attentive and charming
visit to mizu 
thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful  people  serving you
 but the  food  doesn't quite match up
 thalia  is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you
ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it 
the  entree  was bland and small
the  entree  was bland and small
  dessert  was not inspired
an expensive menu 
an expensive menu 
the  view  is spectacular
 and the  food  is great
wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well 
definitely worth the trip to battery park city!
one of my favorite places in manhattan.
authentic  taiwanese food  that's cheap
authentic  taiwanese food  that's cheap
(besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
the cold appetizer dishes taste like 
delicious simple food in nice 
delicious simple food in nice 
in nice outdoor atmosphere 
 attentive  wait staff
i really like both the  scallops  and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto
i really like both the scallops and the  mahi mahi (on saffron risotto 
devoured her chicken and mashed potatos 
delicious crab cakes too 
 the  garden  is a great place to sit outside and relax
even if the  food  wasn't this good
great neighborhood joint 
with good selection of thin crust pizza including the 
with good selection of thin crust pizza including the 
a nice pizza place with good 
including the basil slice 
their  calzones  are horrific
they smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
the counter service is bad 
they charge different prices all the time.
they're rude at times, and not very friendly.
no pizza 33 for me 
anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
the  dosas  are skimpy
the  dosas  are skimpy
the  sandwiches  are dry
the  sandwiches  are dry
calling the  place  hampton chutney co
 but in this unattractive  room  with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too
 but in this unattractive room with unhelpful  clerks  there was a dearth of the former too
 this  place  kicks ass
the  atmosphere  is unheralded
 the  service  impecible
 and the  food  magnificant
best  italian food  i ever had (and being italian
it is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, do not pass it up.
 peaceful  place  to eat outside
the restaurant looks out 
it is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
the  food  is good
 especially their more  basic dishes 
 and the  drinks  are delicious
this is a great  place  to take out
great sushi experience 
nice value.
unique apppetizers 
try sushimi cucumber roll 
good  spreads 
 great  beverage selections  and bagels really tasty
 great beverage selections and  bagels  really tasty
the big complaint: no toasting available.
murray won't do it.
anything about service 
so close, but not good enough.
don't be fooled by crowds of people.
the service is awful 
this place is not 
this place is not 
also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
love pizza 33 
 their  pizza
it hits the spot every time
this tiny williamsburg spot is always 
the pizza is delicious 
and the proprietor is one 
i've been many time and have never been disappointed.
they even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
the cream cheeses are out 
love that coffee 
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!
a little crowded but they move that line really fast!
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!
a little pricey but it really hits the spot on a sunday morning!
 bagels  are ok
bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
and the manager basically told 
be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..
other than bagels 
the turkey burgers are scary 
the worst excuse for japanese food i've ever encountered.
the soup for the udon was soy 
the sushi was awful 
the rice was poor 
 the  rice  had no seasoning
 so the  sushi  was bland and disgusting
the  fish  was adequate
experience with japanese cuisine 
 fast  service
i would highly recommend.
 food is great 
 food is great 
the location is perfect 
give it a try and enjoy.
 this  place  is so ghetto its not even funny
100 dollar bottle minimun then 
like your music blasted and 
would never go back there.
awsome pizza especially the 
especially the margheritta slice 
always busy but fast moving.
great atmoshere and worth 
great atmoshere and worth every bit.
open late (well as late as i ever got there and i'm a night person)
and her staff are the 
 winnie and her 
the food is reliable 
the food is reliable and the price is moderate.
what more can you ask for?
for authentic  thai food 
try the  pad thai 
 or sample anything on the  appetizer menu 
about this restaurant was special 
the  service  was attentive
the flavors robust and subtle.
the brioche and lollies as party 
i'm saving up for my next visit.
the place was quiet 
 service was good 
good and food is wonderful 
tried their salmon and crab 
salmon and crab salad (they are 
a good spot for snacks 
 i can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year  lucky strike  has been the best laid
the  wait staff  is pleasant
the  food  is yummy
perfection  mussels in spicy tomato sauce  and their shoestring crispy fries
perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy  fries
but the best part about ls is the  late night atmosphere 
you can get a completely delish  martini  in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8
you can get a completely delish  martini  in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8
you can get a completely delish  martini  in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8
50 (i recommend the  vanilla shanty 
) in a great homey  setting  with great music
) in a great homey setting with great  music
the  in-house lady dj  on saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music
with this place 
 suan is a 
its  location  is good and the fact that hutner college is near and their prices are very reasonable
 makes students go back to  suan  again and again
love their thai 
 noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the 
back to suan soon 
eat outside on a  terrace  (another great feature of suan)
a friendlier staff working in 
imagine better indian food in all 
i cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
 the  chef  and staff changed and it was not for the better
 the chef and  staff  changed and it was not for the better
i wish they would change back to what it was before.
the food now is 
kind of place you'd like 
the setting is casual 
prices are very good.
the food is excellent 
 try the  balsamic vinegar over icecream 
do not get the  go go hamburgers 
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
they were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
the rest of the  dim sum 
the rest of the  dim sum 
steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
the  wait  here is long for dim sum
 but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum  atmosphere  is not your gig
the wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for chinatown) alternative.
a few tips: skip the  turnip cake 
  roast pork buns  and egg custards
 roast pork buns and  egg custards
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
these are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
i was pleasantly suprised.
the food was exceptional 
 the  braised lamb shank in red wine 
the service was friendly 
and the atmosphere was casual 
a great meal 
the restaurant is a 
a cute interior decor and affordable 
this little place has a 
the  pad se ew chicken  was delicious
 however the  pad thai  was far too oily
have eaten at  ginger house  several times
the fried dumplings are great 
a reliable chinese restaurant 
actually understands customer service 
they are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
 terrible  management  
terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
never fails to please.
delicious  bagels 
 spreads  and toppings are great 
spreads and  toppings  are great 
 spreads  and toppings are great 
spreads and  toppings  are great 
 service is fast 
only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
but that is highly forgivable.
the  food  is decent at best
 and the  ambience 
if celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
 rao  is a good restaurant
 spice grill is the only place i'm eating  indian cuisine
try the shrimp appetizers 
even my indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
the correct ambience and an 
an excellent staff to make 
great  food 
great food, great prices, great service.
 great  service
 cheap  eats  
 cheap  eats  
a amanzing indian food 
that's the cheff gives to 
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable  place 
 the  service  it's just perfect
their  bagels  are fine
great  bagels  made the old
great  bagels  made the old
drawbacks: service is slow 
the food was absolutely 
the baked clams octopus we shared 
the  lamb  was tender so full of flavor
 the  dessert  was divine
the waiter was attentive 
the place itself is 
beautiful the bar scene seems to 
 prixe fix:  appetizers  were ok
  waiter  gave me poor suggestion
try the  potato stuff kanish  best one
 i had  salmon  (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken
 i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had  chicken 
small  servings for main entree 
 dessert  is a joke
 everyone gets treated the same and you can't ask for more than that when the  service  is this friendly
the  restaurant  has a family feel
 not least with regard to the  portions  which are enormous
 the  veal  alone could have single
the  anti-pasta  was excellent
 especially the  calamari 
 as were the filling  pasta mains
 as were the filling  pasta mains
the wine list is extensive 
reasonably priced meal 
still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
own  measures of liquers  which were courtesey of the house
fantastic place 
cute and decorative.
a pleasant surprise.
go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
 lucky strike is a 
great  food 
 great  decor 
 great  service
i recommend it!
this is the perfect  spot  for meeting friends
for the seasonal beer 
guaranteed to be a tasty experience!)
excellent  spot  for holiday get togethers with co
at the heartland brewery for over 
all the people that i bring there go back on their own and bring their friends!
go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
a great place 
gimmick theme restaurant 
a cool  bar  with great food
a cool bar with great  food 
 and tons of excellent  beer
 and tons of excellent  beer
and even with it's pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
loved it!
the shrimp scampi was excellent 
and the antipasti were plentiful 
it is expensive but well worth the money.
it is expensive but well worth the money.
 drive to  corona
than the food (which is 
is the service 
thing the waiters don't do 
wonderful at holiday time.
cozy romantic atomosphere with only 
 service was very 
 food  was very good
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
my friend from milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
bad the food wasn't of 
the  porcini mushroom pasta special  was tasteless
 so was the  seafood tagliatelle
a real dissapointment.
cake: a tiramisu that resembled 
they should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
priced at upper intermediate range.
liked this place 
everything i had was good, and i'm a eater.
it was pretty inexpensive too.
chinese style bbq ribs in the 
chinese style bbq ribs in the 
recommend the rice dishes or the 
varieties of congee (rice porridge) 
it's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
not a place to go 
 if you want great  food  at a great price and don't mind the decor
 if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the  decor 
 if you want great  food  at a great price and don't mind the decor
and friendly service 
this is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
it's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
when you're sitting in their  main dining room  (which has a spectacular
painted high  ceiling ) you'd never know there was a world outside
the  food  is wonderful
the  food  is wonderful
 and the  service  is professional and friendly
 when they serve outside on their gigantic  patio
recently tried suan and i 
lot of food for your 
this little place definitely exceeded 
lot of food for your 
the service was fast 
and the food was very 
the best hot sauce to add 
i have to say that i am pleasantly suprised and i will most likely stop in again if i am in the neighborhood.
they all know you.
good food 
good drink 
how do you rate home?
never had cheescake like this 
i thought i had died and gone to heaven.
great  spot 
great  spot 
warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
and terrific outdoor seating in the 
the food is great 
selecion of wines at reasonable 
selecion of wines at reasonable 
have been several times and it never dissapoints.
we were less than impressed.
while the  ambiance  and atmosphere were great
while the ambiance and  atmosphere  were great
 the  food  and service could have been a lot better
 the food and  service  could have been a lot better
we ordered the  chicken casserole 
we ordered the  chicken casserole 
probably would not go again...
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the  food  was fine
stick with the  chicken 
  beef 
 and  lamb dishes
 service  is friendly
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
skip dessert 
best reuben sandwich ever 
a classic!
don't miss bloom's on your 
 and it will be the last  place  we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to new york
thanks bloom's for a 
the  food  was not fresh
 the  sauces  were bland and very oily
it just wasn't thai.
was surprisingly disappointed.
 pizza was a 
 ravioli  was good
ravioli was good...but i have to say that i found everything a bit overpriced.
not enough wines by the glass either 
 service 
and i liked the  setting/atmosphere  a lot
 food  was just average
food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
this place is a 
authentic pakistani food 
 people are always 
 good  food
 good  food
 faan is sooo 
the best pad thai i've ever 
the design and atmosphere 
design and atmosphere is just 
 bottles of wine are cheap 
 bottles of wine are cheap 
what more could you want?
the food was actually 
i'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
the  mussles  were the fishiest things i've ever tasted
 the  seabass  was bland
 the  goat cheese salad  was missing the goat cheese
 the  penne w/ chicken  had bones in it
the mussles were the fishiest things i've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... it was disgusting.
nice  atmosphere 
 the  service  was very pleasant and the desert was good
 the service was very pleasant and the  desert  was good
wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
this is the perfect date spot for williamsburg couples.
the jukebox plays everything 
the  food  is amazing
 rich  pastas  and fresh doughy pizza
 rich pastas and fresh doughy  pizza
best of all is the warm  vibe 
 the  owner  is super friendly and service is fast
 the owner is super friendly and  service  is fast
if only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
for the drinks 
the drinks are amazing 
the drinks are amazing 
ask for  usha 
was the sassy lassi 
try some roti rolls 
very simple unda (egg) rolls 
delicate  spices 
  onions 
  eggs  and a kick
ass  roti
amazing!
 toons  has recently been redone
the food 's as 
in an area sadly lacking in decent  thai food 
 nice  decor 
 good  service 
 but the  food  was surprisingly excellent
the  portions  are huge
can't wait to go back.
best drumsticks over rice and sour 
rice and sour spicy soup in town 
 beef noodle soup is good 
the service is good 
and the resturant is clean 
best taiwanese food in ny 
been to rao's probably 15 
for those that go once and don't enjoy it, all i can say is that they just don't get it.
the best service and atmosphere 
service and atmosphere in nyc 
good luck getting a table.
love this place 
 they have  outdoor seating 
 indoor was very 
the  portion sizes  here are huge
 and the  sushi  is good
 staff is very 
excellent  dumplings  served amid clean
 chic  decor
i got the  $10 10-piece dim sum combo 
but $1 for each small piece???
not worth it.
i won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
the decor is very 
the food was delicious 
the food was delicious 
the portions are small 
that the food was so 
have the crabmeat lasagna which is 
and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert 
the staff there is 
i loved it and would go again.
great indian food and the 
and the service is incredible 
the owner truly caters 
when family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
everyone was more then happy with his choices.
great food and the 
great food and the prices are very reasonable.
the  food  here does a great service to the name (cantonese that is
with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of bbq roast pork 
this dish is my 
try the  congee  and the donut like deep fried dough they call ow ley soh
try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call  ow ley soh 
good tasting chinese food at incredible 
good tasting chinese food at incredible 
 service is not 
 big wong is a 
whoever the  jazz duo  was
good  music 
 great  food 
 speedy  service  affordable prices
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
even the wine by the glass was good 
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
consistently good japanese tapas 
always good drinks and service 
drinks and service is pretty 
 atmosphere is nice 
a great place to meet 
 yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty 
sliced low quality  fish 
 unfriendly  staff  and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place
 unfriendly staff and a  sushi chef  that looks like he is miserable then this is your place
quality of fish alone will 
quality of fish alone will 
price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the  chef  accidentally drop a piece of unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing
no thanks!!!
this  place 
fabulous  decor  
 very very good  food 
 very very good  food 
 generally friendly  staff 
  rice avenue  will make you feel at home
  rice avenue  will make you feel at home
  rice avenue  will make you feel at home
and the waiter spilled red 
we were then shooed inside.
 we got a snobby  waiter  wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so
we left, never to return.
 i don't need overpriced  food 
 absurdly arrogant  wait-staff  who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner
 clumsy  service 
 and  management  that doesn't care
with the service and i 
thought the food was overated 
thought the food was overated 
the food is okay 
the food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
has solid food and a 
a nice decor at reasonable 
 baluchi's has solid 
that the manager is a 
offers subpar service and has 
in fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
such lousy service 
relatively good nigiri 
you can do it here.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be 
i went to  areo  on a sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends
most of the  servers  are very attentive
the  vibe  is very relaxed and cozy
  service  was great and the food was excellent
 service was great and the  food  was excellent
me and my girls will definitely go back.
 food was good 
and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific 
requesting a table by the window 
questions the service was good 
relaxing to place to eat 
the food is great 
 personal pans are the 
i heartily recommend.
 the  delivery guys  have major attitude
such dramatic delivery guys (a lot 
love the  scene  first off
 the  place  has a character and nice light to it
  location  wise
the pizza was pretty 
the pizza was pretty 
the price very reasonable.
we were 4 and got the family size  penne a la vodka  which was tremendously gigantic portion
i would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
the  pasta penne  was pretty extra buttery
the  pasta penne  was pretty extra buttery
 la rosa  waltzes in
 good  wines 
  service  fine
 fun  decor
interesting  selection 
i love it.
i plan on stopping by next week as well.
 the perfect  spot  to warm up
recieved prompt service with a 
to me it exemplifies soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
definately check it out!!!
this  place  blew me away
the wine list is extensive 
love the  atmosphere  
the  mussels  were fantastic and so was the dessert
the mussels were fantastic and so was the  dessert 
the mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
about the service and the 
the great staff at la 
over the years the  host 
 and his  crew 
 the most fantastic  dining garden 
i've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: a new  jazz bar 
 the best  thin crust pizzas 
 and now a  lasagna menu  which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)
love this place 
keep up the good work guys!
a disapointing meal here 
the yummy dumplings from the 
luckily we saved room for the  bbq salmon 
  sea bass  and crispy duck
 sea bass and  crispy duck
